The next thing that I want to say is our lack of biological knowledge and the general poor health of the of America of the American people Is being used to create the crisis they need to divide and conquer us to ruin Maybe America.
I don't know crash the dollar I don't know steal the rest of our our what limited Treasury value we have left.
I don't know But I know for sure
that they are combining our lack of biological knowledge and our general society's lack of good health and access to health care to create a crisis to usher in all kinds of changes that would otherwise never be necessary, and more importantly, never be possible.
If you think about it, you know, if we're defining vaccine really liberally, and these COVID vaccines are vaccines, the flu vaccine is vaccine, okay.
But actually, they're kind of cheating when they're calling these things vaccines.
And, you know, anything with really rapidly fading efficacy, such that you need shots within a year, you know, Canada's saying nine months, is as actually J.J.
Cooey's insistence, and I think he's right, on calling them transfections rather than vaccines.
I've been selling my soul Working all day Overtime hours For bullshit pay So I can sit out here And waste my life away Drag back home And drown my troubles away It's a damn shame What the world's gotten to For people like me For people like you Wish I could just wake up And it not be true But it is
Oh, it is living in the new world with an old soul.
Rich man north of Richmond Lord knows they all just want to have total control Want to know what you think Want to know what you do And they don't think you know But I know that you do Cause your dollar ain't shit And it's taxed to no end North of Richmond North of Richmond
Wish politicians would look out for miners And not just miners on an island somewhere Lord, we got folks in the street Ain't got nothing to eat And the obese milking welfare
Well, God, if you're five foot three and you're 300 pounds, taxes ought not to pay for your bags of fudge rounds.
Young men are putting themselves six feet in the ground, because all this damn country does is keep on kicking them down.
Lord, it's a damn shame what the world's gotten to for people like me, for people like you.
Wish I could just wake up and it not be true.
But it is.
Oh, it is.
Living in a new world with an old soul.
I've been selling my soul, working all day, overtime hours for bullshit pay.
He's scheduled for 60 minutes next.
He's going on French, British, Italian, Japanese television.
People everywhere are starting to listen to him.
It's embarrassing.
Good morning, everybody.
It is 1018 from Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, where your consciousness is still the prime real estate that these charlatans are competing to occupy.
Don't forget the kind of enchantment that was cast on us with cartoons and crazy drawings and oversimplified models of how the world works.
These are how these charlatans have managed to maintain power over us.
since our parents, but it's not just these guys.
It's also these guys.
You've got to realize that we've been had by social media in a way that was exactly the opposite.
Ladies and gentlemen, my name is Jonathan Cooey.
I used to be an academy magician trying to chase tenure.
I spent 20 years as a patch clamp physiologist.
GigaOM Biological's name is derived from the high resistance, low noise seal that I use to record from individual and groups of neurons in the brain slices of mice and monkeys.
And I bring the ability to read and think deeply about how biology has been contorted.
to represent something rather than an incredible complexity that we just barely can scratch the surface of.
Science has been used to create the illusion that we have a high-fidelity understanding of ourselves and the biology that defines us, and that's definitely not true.
And through the course of the journey of waking up during COVID, I went from being an Academy magician thinking that tenure was the ultimate touchdown that I could score for my family and for my life's work to believing that intramuscular injection of any combination of substances with the intent of augmenting the immune system is dumb.
Transpection in healthy humans was always criminally negligent and RNA cannot pandemic because viruses are not pattern integrities.
It's that simple.
And if we start to force people to argue about this, we can also, I think, get people to usefully reflect on the idea that the mystery virus doesn't explain what has happened over the last five and 10 years where public health has started to be distorted in such a way so that
A mystery virus or the illusion of it could be created by a whole long list of bad ideas that included things as diabolical as high flow supplementary oxygen given to people who read as having a low pulse ox on some $5 device sold on Amazon, all the way down to motivated financial incentives that led to PCR fraud, lateral flow test fraud, track and trace fraud, masks, closures, mandates, and even death certificate fraud.
all to try and use and take advantage of the opening that was created by this national security operation that even needed to use opioid deaths and an extraordinary rise in them to create this illusion.
And this illusion, of course, is not backed by any epidemiological evidence of spread, and it's not backed or challenged usefully by any lawyers that can speak of strict liability or what the Seventh Amendment might or might not mean with regard to some of the laws.
that underpin these emergencies.
Ladies and gentlemen, we need to do a new consensus about the fact that a national security state or a global group of weaponized piles of money would definitely, most definitely, most definitely would use murder and lies in order to cover up the following statements.
They would use murder and lies to cover up the fact that transfection in healthy humans was always criminally negligent.
They would use murder and lies to cover up the fact that the vaccine schedule in the USA was always criminal enterprise even before the pandemic.
And yes, they would use murder and lies to get us to teach our children that RNA and viruses are dangerous, but RNA cannot pandemic, so they needed to murder and lie about it in order to
in order to try and seed that illusion for another generation or two.
And I am making the very bold statement that a lot more people than we imagined in 2020, and in 2021, and in 2022, many more people than we imagined are involved in sustaining this illusion.
It's not just
It's not just the people down here that were on the PBS NewsHour and on BBC.
It's also the people over here that have a career of serving the interests of the national security state by sustaining the illusion of the danger of bioweapons and the danger of gain-of-function viruses.
and even natural pandemics potential that is found in bat caves.
And so what we did was we spent a lot of time trying to support these people in a war against these people.
And that was exactly the trap that we fell into.
We got in the chair, we put on the goggles, we grabbed the, oh, sorry, we got in the chair, we grabbed the goggles, we grabbed the joystick, and we thought we were aligning with these people in order to fight against these people, and that was actually the trap.
Getting in the chair was the trap.
That's what social media represents.
And incidentally, that's really what Aldous Huxley was warning us about way back in 1962, that there would be a new kind of totalitarianism where this limited spectrum of debate that people like Noam Chomsky more recently have very, very succinctly described would be used to reinforce the suppositions of the state.
And we would just get run by these actors.
And I think,
a good way to think of them as acolytes.
They are the ruling oligarchy and they're highly trained acolytes.
They will quietly perform the show.
The show that we've been watching and thinking we're participating in, even though really we're just the audience.
I've called it a Lollapalooza of liars.
Boy, was I invested in it.
I thought Twitter was the place to go where we could fight back against the empire.
And if I just tweeted the right tweet or posted the right video that the viral avalanche of the resistance would finally start, but that's not true.
And for over a year, we've been able to say it very succinctly, like you see here on the right, but still these people in their coordinated
theater have decided that this biology is worth ignoring.
And I think this is just evidence that weaponized piles of money have used their acolytes on social media to convince us what to argue about and with whom to argue.
And by participating in the argument, we are accepting the premise of their narratives all the time.
And although this was kind of used on us for many, many decades, social media and our acquiescence to it has allowed this to become weaponized in a way never before even
It's probably exceeding all of their expectations.
That's what I really think that where we are.
We may be exceeding, the possibilities may have exceeded their expectations.
And that's a pretty scary place if you think about it.
That social media may have actually exceeded what?
What?
Come on, really?
Sorry about that.
Social media may have actually exceeded their expectations in terms of what they've managed to accomplish with it.
And so I think it has become more and more apparent to me that although I am very much committed to teaching biology come this fall when the school starts in a week or two, it has also got to be a regular steady pressure needs to come from all angles against social media as the default.
communication medium, the default news medium.
We cannot allow this to continue.
We cannot allow this sort of illusion that somebody like Elon Musk has come to our rescue by buying Twitter and making it free.
This is absolutely not what happened.
And over the last few days, I've been trying to collect evidence of that.
And I think
It has just become extraordinary to me how many examples in 2020 and 2021 you can find of these people advocating for the idea that at least Twitter is free, or at least on Twitter things are getting done, or I was getting things done on Twitter until Twitter blocked me, or something to this effect.
And I can't emphasize how important it is to see
that Twitter played an exaggerated role.
It was much more important than Facebook, much more important than some of these other low-rent kind of platforms.
social media platforms that showed up as a part of the schism of the censorship that was enacted in 2021, supposedly.
This theater that drove certain people to other alternative social media platforms is still not the main operating weapon.
The main operating weapon really feels like Twitter.
Because on YouTube, it's always been okay, certain things and certain people.
That's why there's so many videos of Robert Malone still up on YouTube.
We have a lot of work to do, ladies and gentlemen.
Yesterday or the day before, the day before that, I can't remember how many days I have been off the air.
I tried to point out how
It is possible, if you do an accurate and thorough search for what these people were doing in 2020 and 2021, you can find a track record that suggests that these people were put in place and played an active role in the seeding of what I've called the Scooby-Doo narrative.
about whether or not this is really a novel virus or whether or not it's really a natural virus or a lab-leak virus.
And these debates, as well as the debates about what is a PCR positive or false positive, these were all hamster wheels.
And they were very well-designed hamster wheels that were hard for both academagicians or
academic biologists and doctors to see through, but also very difficult for, of course, the average Joe who's not an expert or perhaps a professional biologist in some regard.
And so it really became a very intricate trap that was seeded and controlled by people that, in retrospect, have very dubious connections with regard to their parents,
to the actual biosecurity state that everybody says is responsible for this.
So Kevin McKernan, for example, his father was involved in microarray technologies, which were really, really important in the early progress made in the Human Genome Project and in sequencing technology in general.
And in fact, understanding the shortcomings of
potential methodologies for sequencing before and after the introduction of microarray technologies can really give you a good basic introduction into how different levels of fidelity have been gained incrementally as we've tried to go from saying we're going to do it to actually doing it and how far we actually got.
Because, of course, nature and Kevin McKernan and
and Mark Lander and all these other people like Francis Collins would love you to believe that we have sequenced the human genome and that that means that we basically get it and that we have all the tools necessary, we have all the landmarks necessary, and it's just a matter of, you know, doing the work.
And this is absolutely positively incorrect, but again, that is what explains why Kevin McKernan
dropped everything to start sequencing his marijuana to see if COVID was there or not, and also seemingly dropped everything to become a online performer, especially with regard to podcasts, and especially with regard to Twitter, which he says in almost all of his podcasts is the place where the truth is coming out.
So not unlike that, of course, we watched a 60 Minutes episode that also kind of seeded some of those narratives, like that the misinformation was on Twitter and that the misinformation about the upcoming vaccine was on Twitter.
And so all over the world, we were somehow or another being urged, don't go to Twitter, go to Twitter.
This is where it is.
Oh my gosh, the whole debate about whether or not Twitter is good, I guess I better log in.
And of course, who did he go, who did Robert Malone get censored by besides, you know, supposedly getting censored by YouTube by, uh, indirectly by Brett Weinstein losing his, his, his monetization.
But of course he got censored by LinkedIn and LinkedIn is owned by who?
Well, I think it's owned by at least partially by Peter Thiel.
And so now you start to see if you get censored on LinkedIn and then you go to Gab and Locals, which Locals is also owned by Peter Thiel, and then you complain about it on Twitter, which is owned by Peter Thiel's friend, Elon Musk, who's supposedly saving us or did or whatever.
you can start to see very easily how these people, private-public partnership with the U.S.
government saying they're censoring us, and at the same time, who are they censoring?
Well, they're censoring the people that Peter Thiel and Elon Musk would like you to have to pay attention to with regard to the alternative narrative in the Scooby-Doo.
So it becomes very clear if you start to repetitively go over and over and realize that the only podcasts that are virtually uncensored on YouTube from July, 2021 with Robert Malone, they're all there except for one.
The Bret Weinstein podcast, particularly the recording with Steve Kirsch had to go to rumble, but this one from a month later is up and hundreds of others are up.
Even some with Paul Cutrell are up on YouTube.
And so the censorship in retrospect becomes fake.
The censorship in retrospect becomes public promotion.
And it becomes a public excuse for him to whine about being censored and then for everyone to wonder why is he being censored?
And that's not any different than the opposite side of the coin where you have this guy who was pandering to a different audience with a different set of assumptions like natural viruses and pandemics are everywhere and duh, we're doctors.
And now he's still in 2024 talking about his unique experience with a strange disease.
It's really similar to the disease that everybody else described four years ago, even though I guess it's evolved quite a bit.
And spike protein, that's supposed to be the toxin, has changed quite a bit, although we really haven't bothered to characterize exactly how and why it would matter.
And so they have all these hamster wheels spinning, but the problem is, is that they don't all spin together.
They can't, by definition.
If you're spinning in this hamster wheel, you can't know that these others exist.
And so no one who is following ZDogg can be brought to understand what Robert Malone is saying because that would be the ultimate in cognitive dissonance.
And so they just avoid Robert Malone and it's very easy to do it because social media makes it very easy to do it.
And so the weaponized choose your own adventure of social media that we were led to believe is a very organic process that just involves, you know, spontaneous viral events and spontaneous rising of the influencers with the best ideas.
And that's...
That's absolutely wrong.
All of these people were put in front of us from the very beginning.
And if we don't take the power back from these charlatans, but we continue to allow them to set the debate and to decide what to discuss and what to argue about, then we are just sitting in that chair, hanging onto the joystick, wearing goggles, thinking, fooling ourselves into thinking that the right combination of pedal pushes and joystick movements is going to save the republic.
And it won't.
It won't because of this illusion of consensus that's created by Kevin McKernan and Claire Craig from the very beginning when they first wrote the paper about the PCR test together.
And George Webb and Jessica Rose from the very beginning when George Webb was on 60 Minutes and Jessica Rose came out about VAERS.
Robert Malone and ZDogg are no different than one another because they both believe in the idea that there's pandemic potential in nature and in laboratories.
So this new consensus about why they would murder and lie about it and what they're covering up with the murder and lies, we really need to think very carefully about it.
I think we need to think very carefully about it in the same way that if we're going to ask the right question, what would we ask?
The question we would ask
And I think I actually blew it the last time I did a stream.
The question we would ask, and this is most important, I haven't formulated this yet, and I think I said it in the last stream, but I probably said it an hour and a half in.
The right question is, if science and biology have been malevolently simplified, if they have been malevolently distorted,
and used against us with the P value thing, and with the funding thing, and with the overemphasis of genetics thing, and with the lies about how far we're gonna get in the next 10 years thing, and the lies about pandemic, and the next logical conclusion, the next logical sort of train of thought would be where in our society are these things most malevolently damaging our children?
Where are these false assumptions, these mythologies, these socially engineered impetuses, where are these lies most malevolently impacting our children?
Yes, fast food is terrible.
Yes, plastic bottles are terrible.
Yes, pollution in the ocean is terrible.
But as a biologist and as a father,
I think it's very, very important to understand that the vaccine schedule in America in particular has got to be seen as a criminal enterprise.
It is a current ongoing crime.
It should not be allowed to go on anymore.
And one of the priorities I think should be to bring awareness to this.
And the same time that we bring awareness to the fact that our,
basic acceptance of the food industry in America has gone so far that the FDA essentially permits them to poison us.
And this wicked combination is something that at least has to be on the list of the most malevolent ways that broken science, that the broken healthcare system or public health mythology has been most malevolently used against our children.
Us, what are we going to do?
You have every opportunity as an adult to turn it around.
You can start eating well today.
You can start drinking more water and less cola today.
You can start exercising today.
If you didn't do 10 sit-ups today, do them.
If you've never done pushups in the last 20 years, do some.
And then try tomorrow to do more.
And at some point, if you actually keep that pattern going, you'll be doing 50 sit-ups a day, and you'll be doing 30 push-ups a day, and you'll be doing jump rope for 10 minutes a day, and you'll feel better than you did 30 days before.
But ladies and gentlemen, children and babies cannot, and young parents are honestly not yet equipped to protect themselves from the
the national security state that needs them to accept the vaccine schedule before and after the pandemic as just being default the best idea ever.
and Robert Malone and Merrill Nass and Mary Holland and Brett Weinstein and the Brownstone Institute, none of these people are actually making any useful progress in terms of educating our children and young parents to swiftly turn this cruise ship around.
Now, is it possible that there are people who are trying?
Yes, I think there are.
I think there are people who are trying.
And I think Mike Eden might be one of them.
It's manslaughter.
OK, well, then for the doctors, it's manslaughter.
But for some of these national security operatives, it's murder.
Anyway, I don't want to debate that too much.
I get the point.
And if we're debating that, then we're talking about the right thing, which I think is very important.
Because our way of life and our families and our kids future is under attack.
And that means we need to understand it very well.
I'm going to go full screen with this and there is some beginning part with like music and stuff.
And because I don't have all day to do this, I will fast forward.
I think I've gotten to the right part where the music is over and now they're going to introduce the dude.
I've never watched this guy before.
I'm unaware of him.
I've heard the name before, but honestly, I'd never watched him.
It's just one of those things.
I find myself wondering, and I think Mark Kulak of Housatonic Live finds himself wondering too, really, how many other people really are there that just by the nature of social media and the control mechanisms built within it that we have been permanently separated from one another pretty effectively up until now?
Or really, is there very little in terms of people to connect to?
Shout out also to Joe Marshall.
He's done a couple of really good videos lately.
So if you haven't checked out the Liberty Perspective,
on Rumble, please do that.
And Mark Kulak of Mark Housatonic Live is now also on Twitch.
So if you're watching on Twitch, you can of course immediately look for him and follow him as well if you haven't already.
Okay, I didn't want that, sorry.
I am so happy to be here with all of you.
And I totally mean it as well.
In the expensive bit at the beginning that most of you were too cheap to pay for, but it was really worth it, I can tell you.
Seriously, they got the best of me.
This is just the kind of, the leavings.
But I'll try.
No, these moments are really special because I suspect that almost everyone here finds themselves living in a situation where they can't say the shit that we're gonna say to each other tonight
and the pub and the bits in between.
We can finally, we're finally free to be ourselves.
And most of us can't.
I mean, I can't talk about the stuff that I talk about here at home.
I can't live this double life.
I think most of us have the same experience.
We've got one foot in normie world where we have to sort of feign an interest in whoever's going to be elected in some kind of irrelevant thing that's going on on TV.
And the real, true world where we know that Taylor Swift is a bloke.
See, now this is already for me disappointing.
I swear, I'm being serious when I say I haven't watched this.
This is disappointing to me because essentially he is suggesting, it's kind of weird that he's doing this in a church, he's kind of suggesting that you don't have to tell the truth all the time.
We all live lives of lies where we put on a disguise or a face.
Maybe I'm just a weirdo, but I don't.
I tell the truth all the time.
All my neighbors know exactly what I'm up to.
Some of them react kind of weird, but they all knew that I was working for Bobby when I was working for Bobby, and they all know that I think Bobby's a creep now.
Or at least they know that I think that Bobby is somehow part of a system that we are all in need of checking out of.
And that's what I say to them.
And they don't necessarily go, oh, yeah, OK.
They all look a little concerned and whatever.
But I don't put on a front, especially if somebody asks me.
And so this already kind of disappoints me because,
I think that's part of the reason why assholes are getting away with being assholes, because quite a few people aren't willing to say it.
And I think it's a real shame.
And we know about the dinosaurs as well.
We've got their number, haven't we?
We know about the dinosaurs.
Oh, yeah, yeah, darling, we love your little triceratops.
Yeah, it didn't exist, didn't exist.
I'd like to get to know, I mean, I kind of feel I know you already, and I've met quite a few of you before.
Hands up who's been to a previous live Deling pod.
Oh, so there are quite a few newbies, that's good.
But welcome back to the ones who've been there before.
Hands up if I have burned you on social media, if I've flamed you.
As I always say, I'm really sorry, because you know this, I am so much nicer in real life.
And so here again, you can kind of see something suspicious here.
He's not at all suggesting that social media is a bad place.
He's asking if you've interacted with him on social media and sort of kind of indirectly encouraging anyone who hasn't or would like to, to seek him out on social media.
Then I am online.
Online, I take no prisoners.
And the reason I take no prisoners is because you bloody deserved it.
You shouldn't be wrong.
If you say wrong things and annoying things to me, you get burned.
In real life, I'm like a kitten, like a lovely, sweet little... I'm not just a kitten.
I'm actually a British shorthair kitten.
You know how cute they are.
They've got little grey faces, little round faces.
They're lovely, lovely.
I'm like one of those.
How many people?
I can't help but to point out that there are a lot of cat people on the bad side.
I am a dog person.
We have no cats.
No problem with them, but I find it an interesting signal.
Even if it's irrelevant.
The reason why I find it an interesting signal is for me it's especially interesting because drastic started doing that actually.
It was a couple people in drastic and Kevin McKernan that started posting cat pictures as a way of throwing off the Twitter algorithm.
I think that was in 2021, but it might've been as late as 2022.
Luigi Warren was a guy, original OG member of Drastic who started doing that.
And at the same time, that was when I started to follow Kevin McKernan and he also did it.
So it's just interesting that here we are in 2024 and now he's talking about himself as a cat.
It's weird.
Yeah.
You jest, you hand-putter-uppers, but I'll bet there are some people who are from the intelligence service.
And I would like to say, I'm not trying to make you feel uncomfortable, whoever you are.
Well, I mean, only a bit.
But I would like to say to you one thing.
When you get home after this uncomfortable evening.
He's addressing intelligence officers in the audience and they're uncomfortable in the audience.
This is pretty arrogant and also pretty theatrical.
The whole introduction here has been pretty theatrical, if I can be so bold.
Go and find a Bible, if you've got one.
and read about a character called Saul, who was doing what you're doing now.
He was on his way to Damascus to persecute some decent people, and something happened.
And I hope that one day the same thing happens to you.
Now,
I had planned one of the more completely out there podcasts I did, not quite Jesse Saboto level, but almost.
I don't know, was it, what was her name, Catherine somebody?
She deals with the really dark stuff, you know, adrenochrome and sort of, you know, Satanism and blah, blah, blah.
And she had on this website, on her website, this really good prayer that totally covered everything, that warded off all the kind of evil that was going to, you know, potentially oppress her, you know, when you talk about this stuff.
And Dick, Dick the other day met this, well, about a year ago now, met this man, I hope he's here, but I bet he isn't.
who goes around sprinkling salt around the whole area where people like us are going to meet, and it keeps the evil out.
And I, I mean, I don't know about you, I do genuinely believe in this.
I mean, I don't just sort of say it as a kind of comical affectation.
I genuinely believe, in fact, who believes as well, that we are fighting above all a spiritual battle right now.
Yeah, I'm surprised by it.
It's about 50-50, I'd say.
I think it is a battle between good and evil.
And I used to feel slightly embarrassed about mentioning subjects like Christianity.
I'm not embarrassed at all anymore because I think that this stuff is real and that one should talk about it.
So what is the stuff?
You see, this is the part where I really think that GigaOM Biological and a few other podcasts maybe are the only ones that get it right.
Because it is the ASH experiment, it's the Milgram experiment, it's
It's some kind of captor syndrome or kidnapped.
You feel like you've been under somebody else's control or captive or you've submitted or whatever explanation you have for it.
It is ultimately comes down to the fact that groups of people have coordinatedly lied to us over many years.
And they've lied to us with the intention of confusing us, with the intention of creating fear and uncertainty and doubt.
And so when somebody like this says, do you think it's a spiritual battle?
But then he doesn't define the battlefield.
when faiths as generations old can all agree that the father of lies is a synonym for Satan, is a synonym for the devil, kind of makes lies pretty bad, right?
And in reality, this is the part about it that frustrates me the most, is that I really think from the perspective of teaching our children,
You can start on YouTube and look at Mr. Beast with them and show that Mr. Beast is only giving away prizes to people that live in his hometown or people that are working for him or people that are related to people who are working for him.
And nobody who's just randomly subscribed to him is getting any attention or money or anything at all.
It's an illusion and they're allowed to do it because it's social media.
You're allowed to get 20 people together to lie about being contestants on Mr. Beast's YouTube competition where they're gonna stay on an island for three days and see who can survive without food or some shit.
And just because you can see it with Mr. Beast doesn't mean that it's easy to see it when somebody like Meryl Nass and Mary Holland and their guests decide to do it.
When the guest on ICANN being interviewed by Dell is doing it.
When Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
is being advised by people who are doing it to him, and so he ends up doing it wittingly, unwittingly.
However you want to describe the world or explain what you see at the foundation of it has to be that people have agreed to participate in this theater.
And if this guy has agreed to participate in the theater, which right now, I mean, at least 50 50, because of all the crap he said so far, he doesn't seem to be lowering any ladders.
He just wants everybody to make sure we agree on what, where we are and what the trap looks like.
And oftentimes when somebody wants you to agree on what the trap looks like, they are actually not trying to free you from it.
I'm always trying to find more parts of the trap, more angles on it, more doors that are closing.
And these people are already pretty certain for four years that they know exactly what the trap is composed of and they know exactly how to get out.
But you know, we can wait for a little while before we actually do anything.
I was going to
print out this long prayer and read it.
I mean, it really covered everything.
I mean, you'd have gone home, and you'd have been absolutely safe, and you wouldn't have been attacked by demons at all.
But then it meant getting the printer working, and actually, I think it's probably take up all the evening anyway.
So let's just do a quick one before we start.
I'm just going to say, our Father, which art in heaven,
Hallowed be thy name, thy kingdom come, thy will be done on earth as it is in heaven.
Give us this day our daily bread and forgive us our trespasses, as we forgive them that trespass against us.
And lead us not into temptation, but deliver us from evil.
For thine is the kingdom, the power, and the glory forever and ever.
Amen.
And I'm sorry for any non-Christians that I've embarrassed with that, but I think the Christians will know what I mean.
We kind of need these things.
I think that they,
They, whenever you say a prayer, whenever you say a psalm, as I do every day, you are sort of slightly tipping the balance towards the side of the good and against the side of evil.
And I think that my guest, who you're about to meet in a moment, might even agree with me on some of this stuff.
One more question before I get him on stage and before we get the show rolling.
How many people here have been brought along by their wife or whoever, and are sitting there going, who are all these crazy people?
What am I?
One.
Two, three.
Well, I hope that we succeed tonight in red-pilling you, or at least taking you some of the way with us.
I mean, I think, come on in, the water's lovely, isn't it?
Right.
I think we should get the show on the road.
By beginning with the magic words, welcome to the Deling Pod.
And I know I always say this, but I'm really excited about my special guest.
Welcome to the Deling Pod, Mike Uden.
There's a couple of weird times where they really use the camera specifically cut to his hands.
They even cut to that handshake, which
It could just be them messing with us.
It's also just strange.
I don't know.
I find it very strange, those kinds of cuts, knowing what I know and we all know about how hand signals don't mean anything until they mean something, right?
Which side do you want?
Now, Mike, I would suggest that one reason that we love you, Mike, is, and they do, we do, is that I would guess there are quite a few people here tonight, the reason they did not take the death jab was because of you.
Hands up if that's the case.
I still think that's true.
I think he probably saved more people than anybody else.
I wish I could have helped more people not take it.
Well, yeah.
Do you see?
He's already, he almost cried right there.
So even if he drops some balls in this interview and we have to correct them or we can expand on them, understand that I still think that Mike Eden is Mr. Sparkle.
And I still think that if anything, he is emotionally and mentally exhausted from being assaulted on all sides from all these people.
I mean, Sasha Latapova was one of the last people to get in touch with him.
And that's just gross.
I don't wish that on anybody.
It was right at the beginning, wasn't it?
I think the first time I more or less said don't do it was an open letter that I wrote with Wolfgang Bodarg to the European Medical Medicines Agency and it was 1st of December 2020 and that was the day my life changed.
I've been annoying on Twitter and lots of people have
I think they do a pylon, and then make things, and I'm not, I wasn't used to what was happening, couldn't deal with it, but it was the day after I published that, the BBC put on someone who'd formerly fronted Newsnight to interview a woman from the Royal College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists, and then they, on Woman's Hour, lied to the public to say, I'm a conspiracy theorist.
She said, I'm going to name him, Dr. Mike Eden.
Complete rubbish.
Here's the lady from the Royal College to tell you, not only is it safe to be jabbed, but you must go and get jabbed if you're pregnant.
Anyway, I managed to get them to take that all down.
Because I said, if you don't, I'm actually going to sue you.
But I think that's when I realized that basically the establishment is not going to tolerate me doing this.
And I think it took about another three months before I realized
rather spooky thought that a few months previously, someone had held a meeting where they decided whether to murder me or censor me.
Because several people, people like President of Tanzania, John Magufuli, PhD chemist, I'm pretty sure he was murdered.
There's been an exceptionally large number of African MPs that all died in the first six months of 2020.
And basically, the people who are running this, we won't see them, but the people who are near to us, the idiots, people who work for the secret services, if you think you're serving your country.
Do you really think the people running this are going to let you keep the money that you earn?
for ratting on your colleagues and helping destroy the society that you live in, you really are stupid.
If you think this is just an ordinary job of work, you haven't woken up yet, so you're not very intelligent after all.
So when people have said, oh, you're very brave speaking out, I react badly.
Because I've said, if you think it's scary what might happen if we speak out, you've got to look at what's going to happen if you don't.
Much worse.
And once I realized how bad this is, and it didn't take, it took me about another six months to cross back to God.
one vivid night.
But once I realized how bad it was, I thought, if they do me in for speaking truth, it's probably better than if I undo that rather than just creep around and hope to survive another six months longer in Hunger City.
My wife has advised me not to swear, so I'm not going to.
But I was pretty gritty about that, and I have no fear whatsoever.
And I urge all of you to get over any embarrassment you may have and any fear you may have, because the controllers have made sure that people like James and I have a limited reach.
I think the tech censorship is unbelievably effective.
I mean, you wouldn't believe it.
And that's why they don't need to do anything.
And Mike is right, but he's also not fully understanding and I still think it's hard for a lot of people to see it if you haven't actually run into these people over and over and over again and had it done to you over and over and over again.
And I feel.
some humbleness in the fact that since 2020, there have basically been group after group after group of people that has agreed to lie to me in some weird concerted way to try and fool me into a hamster wheel.
And for many, many years, I was essentially running in hamster wheels that were constructed by other people that I trusted.
And every time I weeded out another set of these liars, another group showed up.
And it turns out that there were an extraordinary number of people that were, wittingly or unwittingly, co-opted or not, participating in this narrative curation.
And Mike Eden was not one of them.
He never felt like one of them because he was talking about everything that he thought was important, including immunity.
He was one of the first people to start talking about the idea that, OK, there are RNA viruses, but they're not so dissimilar from one another that our immune system hasn't already cracked this puzzle.
And it would be crazy to think that we need to reorient the immune system of millions of people for something that
He was very good at asking the right questions and one of the only ones besides Wolfgang Wodach and another guy by the name of Knut Witkowski, who was asking the right questions in 2020.
The rest of them, like, I mean, you can go all along the gamut.
Most of them weren't speaking out.
Most of them were
wearing bandanas and woodshop goggles.
Most of them were trying to see if they could get in on the repurposed drug train.
Most of these people were not usefully questioning the fundamental principles and premises of the narrative at all and never have.
Mike Eden has done it consistently.
Because they know that what we say, that's like throwing a skimming stone across the lake.
We might think we'll get nine jumps if we do it well.
They've worked it out to be like two and a half and then it will stop.
But the people in this room, you are the secret weapon.
Now remember, that's partially correct that when they censor Mike Eden, his message never gets out.
Even when other people try to get it out, it doesn't get out.
That's true.
But even worse,
is the artificial elevation of people like Robert Malone, of people like Meryl Nass, of people like Bobby Kennedy, of the elevation of particular people that are actually in the reality
part of this limited spectrum of debate, part of this controlled opposition, playing a role, agreeing not to question the really important places where the broken science of our culture is most malevolently affecting our children's future and their potential to have liberty and to exceed the potential of their biology.
It's just not being actively done.
We are not actively seeking to change the system in the places where it is most malevolently misaligned for our children.
They're not even asking those questions, not even remotely.
And instead they are using the broken system to justify destroying it.
And that's, again, something that I think Mike Yeadon sees and speaks out very clearly about.
The way that we stop this, the way that we stop the enslavement is to stop engaging in this system.
your family that isn't here, your friends that aren't here, work colleagues that aren't here, or listening to us, you are the only contacts who know the truth.
Media will never tell them the truth.
They'll never hear from me.
So bluntly, if you don't do it, we're going down.
If you do do it, they will lose, because they require consent, or at least just not protesting.
So that's all it will take.
Well said.
Once you've learned one really significant thing that's just like so obviously awful, it's a crime against humanity, then people protesting, oh, what about this?
What about that?
So for me, it came from my professional experience and training.
I looked at these things called vaccines and I thought, I can find multiple, independent, unnecessary, obvious mechanisms of toxicity.
Multiple, independent, unnecessary, and obvious.
And so I wrestled with this for ages.
Now remember, that is in contrast to somebody like Kevin McKernan, who would argue that it's really just the double-stranded DNA and the contamination that we got to solve.
And then transfection works great.
Like Buck, what is his name?
Buckhalter would argue the exact same thing.
He even argues worse that the double-stranded DNA
doesn't make transfection bad for his parents, it just makes it a little questionable for his daughter.
And so one of the things at the heart of this is what Mike Eden is explaining right now, this idea that this
the problems that are solved and not solved.
And there are no problems solved.
I mean, even Robert Malone is a disgruntled guy who claims that Peter Akullis lied to him and told him that they had solved the localization problem.
And that was the reason why he took two doses of Moderna.
So these people are caught now.
They are caught in their inconsistency and their lack of integrity over four years where Mike Eden, although his opinions have wavered and he's gone in and out of the idea of viruses and whatever, his fundamental principles and his fundamental basis for objecting to this still ultimately spins back to the idea that they suddenly wanted to inject it in pregnant women.
It spins back to the idea that this
that the design of this methodology applied to healthy people doesn't make any sense.
That's why I love Mr. Sparkle.
It was like someone like me sat in a room and worked out how to manufacture these things.
And then other people would persuade large chunks of the population of the planet to have this thrust into their arms.
And so, you know, I was well on my way back to gold at that point.
Because if that isn't evil, I'm really not sure that we should just expunge the word from the dictionary if that doesn't fit.
So Mike, can I pause you there, because you went straight from the kind of foreplay to the money shot in all that.
And I respect that.
I mean, you are basically batshit crazy, like me.
I mean, you don't pull your punches.
You talk about the
bad things.
Why is that useful in his mind to call each other batshit crazy?
Why is that useful?
How is that not more likely neurolinguistic programming about lab leaks?
Like, what is going on here?
Vaccines, which aren't vaccines, we know.
Can you just briefly tell us the bad constituents?
So what are they then?
Some people say, we're not even sure that the things they've told us are in it are in it, and that's fair enough.
We can only deal with what they've told us they're doing.
So put simply, these are genetic gene-based products like messenger RNA.
It contains a piece of code for your body to manufacture something.
And we're told it's a spike protein, but it doesn't really matter what it is.
The point is, your body is exquisitely sensitive to what belongs in it and what is foreign.
We all know about tissue rejection if you have a transplant.
Same principle.
So when you inject it with this bit of code, your body will then go, OK, boss, you told me to make the thing that is encoded.
It's a non-human protein.
So your body will manufacture a non-human protein, your immune system will go, hold on, that doesn't belong in here.
And every single cell in your body that has taken up a blob of that material and made the foreign protein will be detected and destroyed by your immune system.
There's no way out.
That's like immunology 101.
It's the first lesson, self and non-self.
So that's one thing, that there are various toxic lipids that I think are intrinsically dangerous.
Oh yeah, and then the... I shouldn't laugh.
But the formulation, you may have heard that they're wrapped in lipid nanoparticles, just blobs of grease, a very special grease.
I happen to know this, so when I saw it, it was like, oh my god.
The particular lipids that they use are known to accumulate in the abdominal organs of animals, in particular, the ovaries.
So I went searching and found a paper like nine years old, lipid nanoparticles accumulate in ovaries, an unrecognized reproductive harms risk.
So if you combine the first two things, I've got five more, but you know, and others have got another three or four.
So these things, sorry to shock you so early, but that's what made me absolutely certain that what's happening is, you know, whatever.
There's no way it's just to make a bit of money.
It wasn't a mistake.
You know, it's like someone's coming after us.
I don't think we should let them.
So you think it's,
And so I think it's important to say that Mark Kulak and I have a little bit more nuanced way of saying this.
They're not coming after us.
They are inverting our sovereignty so that they can use us and our children and our children's children as experimental animals without having to pay a dime for it.
And without us even asking questions, because it will essentially be under the guise of the vaccine schedule and personalized medicine.
That's what's coming.
And it goes right along with digital IDs and digital currency and all this other stuff.
It's all part of the same show.
And most of that, of course, is what Mr. Sparkle is going to get right.
But I'm just trying to keep up with this and make sure that we don't drop the ball on any of this stuff.
He says that a code makes a protein.
Don't forget that it's a non-human protein.
It's not even a viral protein.
because they've codon optimized it and they've changed a significant number of bases to this base that can wobble codons so that even if you have the
theoretically correct sequence, and only that sequence in your lipid nanoparticle, it won't be read with high fidelity by the ribosomes, because the ribosomes will make errors because of the chemical alterations that you've made, and because of the codon optimization that you've done.
And so the protein that comes out is actually rather unpredictably
I'm going to be folded.
It's going to be different because again, all the RNAs are not the same and they're not pure, even though that's the assumption that was kind of made in that rudimentary explanation.
The RNAs are definitely not pure because Kevin McKernan came on my stream in 2022 and talked about that.
it's just a smear and so the protein that would be produced would always be a smear of fragments that again would have a much higher propensity for a bouquet of outcomes wherever they were expressed rather than some kind of limited set of outcomes that again the Scooby-Doo mystery has wanted us to believe you know it's just clotting or it's just
I don't know, amyloid or something like that.
No, we're talking about an almost unlimited bouquet of potential.
Because wherever these, these particles go, they have the potential to damage chemically, things like your mitochondria, but they also have potential to damage you as a result of improperly activating your immune system.
And so accumulating in the ovaries is even a very, very
simplified version of what somebody like Byron Bridle was trying to explain in 2021, where it's not only the ovaries, it goes lots of places, including the bone marrow, which can't be, can't be good.
And again, I'm not critiquing Mike.
I'm just trying to augment him, especially because he's on this goofy podcast with this goofy dude.
You think it's obvious.
So you come from a farmer background, but presumably from the kind of more of the sort of production side rather than the kind of in a lab.
tinkering with formulae side of it.
I was a research scientist, really, so I would say I managed to do for a living what I... I mean, make sure Solar Fire 9... Of course, Pamela is correct.
One of the assertions that I'm making is that placebo batches could have been used to fool thousands of people into thinking that, wow, I got a transfection, I didn't feel a thing.
I got two and I didn't feel a thing.
And because of the way that subsequent activations are where the danger would be, it makes really good sense that somebody would get a placebo and then get a live one.
And then because they only got one live one, they never really had the kind of adverse reaction they would have or more likely to have if every one of those doses were an active transfection.
And I think that because of the cheap and easy possibility that would also allow them to manufacture many more doses if half of them could be placebo, it would allow them to very easily disguise the data collection
and very easily encode essentially into the distribution a very detailed observation of dosage and exposure and all this other stuff, knowing where the placebos were that no one else knew where they were.
And so everybody that's even administering these shots would have experienced weeks where there were placebos at their location.
And then as a result, then I'm like, wow, it's really rare that people have an accident.
And so I don't think you can underestimate how it could even be that 75% of the shots produced were placebo.
What motivation do they have?
How many people are actually gonna go out and get the requisite test that will describe whether or not something happened after that injection?
Nobody.
Nobody was gonna check it.
So there was no reason for them not to roll out even 75% placebos in order to make sure they could pay close attention to where they rolled out the hot ones.
And no one, not one person has even considered how easy it would be to do this, how few people would be required to do it, and how the capability of the entire national security apparatus that is supposed to be responding to this crisis would be necessarily increased by orders of magnitude simply by a few people agreeing, oh yeah, I never thought about that.
Jay's right, we should just use placebo in half these doses and it'll be very easy to meet the quotas.
Stop lying!
do for a hobby, which I like to tinker with mechanical things.
But that's also where what we just see Zardog saying, that that's also where all these other ingredients come in.
Because if you start to speculate about the other things that are in the shot, you are definitely not speculating about the possibility of them using mass placebo to get everybody to believe that the shot is harmless, that transfection is harmless, that transfection worked.
And if there's nothing really to save us from except for bad protocols and bad ideas, then the transfection, even if it was a placebo, could be perceived to work.
You see them apart, work out how they work and when they're broken, why that is and how to fix them.
Those are exactly the same questions as I was trying to deal with in research pharmacology.
How does the body work?
What's different in disease?
What could you do to try and fix it?
And so all I'm doing is applying those skills to looking at the vaccines.
And because of my training in mechanistic toxicology,
how things harm you when they do.
I feel like I'm looking over the shoulder of the person who made them, thinking, what were you trying to do?
So I am 100% certain.
I've also, a couple of years ago, I called out three of the four.
Remember, one of the people that we know that did some experiments of some kind on supposedly batches of
of the shot was some guy in Japan named Kevin McCarran, and he supposedly didn't find any signal of phosphate in some of these, which is a placebo.
Or maybe it's just a lipid nanoparticle with no transfection, and so then you have a sort of control, right?
a control group that would be very useful to a pharma company that was trying to develop a long-term plan on how to use transfection effectively, or was trying to transition into personalized medicine based on this theater.
this theater that all the hot lots are hot, and all the lots are hot, and they're trying to kill us, and maybe it's in multiple things, but nobody, no one thinks about placebo.
Nobody.
It's weird, because it would be the easiest way to do it, and the most foolproof way to do it.
People who I believe are responsible, at least on paper, for these materials inside the drug companies.
In practice, it probably isn't them, but I know the senior vice presidents or executive vice presidents of three of the four companies.
personally.
It pains me.
These are former colleagues.
This part is especially compelling.
I really think it is especially compelling.
I saw a clip of this already where he seems to name names I think here.
And so I wrote to them to tell them what you're doing wrong and you need to resign or debate me or injunct me.
Speaking of syringes, Jason, I have a
I don't know what to say.
I have an uncle who is in the perfume business and in early 2019, because the metal seals on top of perfume bottles and the pumps of perfume bottles, a lot of those small disc parts, which form the interface between the glass bottle and the metal parts of the pump, those parts are all interchangeable with injectable bottles.
And in 2019, all of that sort of factory infrastructure just disappeared from availability for wholesale production.
He couldn't make stuff because they couldn't order the parts for the bottles because all of that capacity had for some reason been reserved.
And only in retrospect, did he tell me that story in a swimming pool last year when we were there in the summer.
And because I was there, I actually gave my ACIP meeting statement I gave from his basement, because we happened to be there for vacation that day.
And I wrote it on my way to his house in the car with the family.
So it was weird because that was a really interesting weekend.
We had a lot of frank discussions about what I was doing for a living and why I was doing it.
And he just told me this story of how he wasn't able to make a new product because
he couldn't get the pieces.
All of those factories had essentially been co-opted for something else that he later found out he assumed was the production of the transfection.
And so they needed the bottles.
They have to make the bottles, but they don't need to put anything in them.
Saline is safer.
didn't do any.
One of them, one of them resigns, leaving their golden handcuffs on the table.
One of them, a guy called Mitai Manon, left Johnson & Johnson without, without reason, just left.
What do you think he was?
I'm pretty sure I did it.
Full of shame?
I think he didn't realize.
I think he was so high.
I think he'd not even thought about it.
Well, that's a result.
Yeah, exactly.
But the other two, I'm afraid, James and Mene, you know what you're doing.
So even if in practice, I mean he just said James and Minnie that's pretty hardcore and Even if he gets things wrong, I have never had any other feeling other than Mike Eden is actually Stepping out actually as far as he possibly can do without feeling like he's really risking his life and now Maybe he's come to some
piece that they're probably not going to offer him, but I think that's a very risky thing to do.
It could just be the military is doing it and the drug companies are white labeling them.
That's certainly possible.
But in your days when you were in Big Pharma, you
believe, which I don't think you do now, you believed in vaccines as a basically good thing.
You don't now, do you, at all?
No, exactly.
So I was programmed like we all are.
I had had nothing to do with vaccines professionally, knew nothing about them.
Interestingly, the vaccine
research and development work.
As far as I can tell in pharma, it's always on a different site from the so-called small molecule works.
It's like, oh, I think I've got an idea why that might be.
So I've been bumping into them in the coffee queue.
And I would have worked it out.
But because it was in a place hundreds or thousands of miles away, and I had no reason to be involved professionally, I just rolled up and got my jabs, had my children injected.
That's pretty hardcore.
In retrospect, he realizes that the vaccine parts of these companies are never in the same buildings as the rest of the buildings.
They're never even in the same town sometimes, he says.
And before the pandemic, like Jonathan Cooley of GigaOM Biological, I had no idea that there were people that were fighting the vaccine schedule in America as criminal.
I had no idea that this fight went back to the 80s and early 90s, and that there were two movies called Vaxxed and Vaxxed 2.
I had no idea when Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
called me in April of 2022.
I had no idea.
I had not seen Vaxxed.
And so I still gave my kids their shots when we moved from our dream little house that we lost
as a result of me losing my job, to moving to this new school district that we're now in, I gave my kids their required shots to go to the new school.
And then two weeks later, I watched Vaxxed, because one of the good people inside of CHD was like, wait, what, you haven't seen that?
You don't even know what I'm talking about?
Oh my gosh, you don't, what are you working here for?
And so Mike Eden,
Peter McCullough, Jonathan Cooey, I think are the only three people right now who are saying, don't take a vaccine again.
All of them, just stop.
If you have kids, don't do it.
Peter McCullough said that.
I think Mike Eden is saying that right now.
And Gigo and Biological is definitely saying that.
So yeah, I think just a little observation.
Let's just see if this rings true.
There's only one category of products from the biopharmaceutical industry that you cannot question or challenge.
It's vaccines.
You can challenge individual drug categories like statins or an individual compound like atorvastatin or Lipitor.
People may not like you, but you can do it.
You don't automatically get fired.
But if you raise a question about a jab, you will find your professional body will fall on you, even if your professional body is architecture.
Now, if you see what he's pointing out here, he's pointing out that these limited spectrums of debate about, oh, statins, cholesterol is good for you.
You need cholesterol.
These things were set in motion and put in place
so that the general populace could be engaged in a limited spectrum of debate where we argued about broken science.
And we argued about how p-values don't mean anything and that randomized control trials without enough people in them can be used to create the illusion of something that isn't real.
But then we never bother to ask the real important question, which is where would that system
be most malevolently used against us.
And that's the vaccine schedule, and especially in America.
And that's what Mike is saying.
That's what Peter McCullough has had the courage to say, and not very many other people.
And I would include in that not very many other people.
Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
has never said it.
Merrill Nass has never said it.
Mary Holland has never said it.
And it may be because they're afraid of the legal consequences of saying that the vaccine schedule in America is criminal, even if you just compare it to other Western countries, they can't say it.
And it's probably because their money comes from people who don't want them to say it.
It's not because their money comes from autism moms and autism dads that are trying to save other children around them.
It's not coming from those people.
Their money comes from somewhere else.
Otherwise they would just be fighting for what they were supposed to fight for and were fighting for to some extent before the pandemic, before Mary Holland took over CHD, before Merrill Nass had anything to do with the organization.
when it was Brian Hooker and Laura Bonham.
And so I don't know what's going on right now, but I do know that the places that we thought the fight was being fought were actually controlled from within, sabotaged from within.
Mike Eden is one of the few truth tellers out there, and Bobby, he did well in October of 2020, he did.
He did really well.
But instead of using his platform to say that the national security state will murder people and lie about it in order to protect the scam that is public health and vaccine schedule and the fear of disease, he made it about free speech and freedom.
Darn it.
They have this era in mind for them.
I don't think they've ever... See?
When they were first invented, they had this era in mind for them.
That's a giant statement because what is he talking about?
He's talking about man and his future.
The book from 1953, where Julian Huxley and Hilary Koprowski and Joshua Lederberg and others write essays about how nations are holding us back and that we need global governance and a forward-thinking, long-term thinking vision for what to do as a human species and how to better take control of our heretofore random evolution.
And so it is with no doubt in my mind that I agree with Mike Eden that the whole idea of vaccines and public health has always been a scam.
And that's why you can write a book about how most of these diseases went away with sanitation and nutrition and better water and whatever.
And they rolled out those vaccines at the same time that that happened, at the same time that they took away DDT, at the same time that all of this stuff is happening.
They lied to us about the magic of one particular thing that we're not allowed to question.
And it has been going on since our parents were children.
That's why it's so dangerous because we inherited this charlatanism, this mythology from the people that gave it to our parents.
That's why it's so hard to see through.
It's like our parents still believe in Santa Claus.
It would be really hard for us not to, especially if they work together to keep creating the illusion.
And in this case, it only takes the national security state doing it and the TV and media getting ever better at convincing us.
ever been useful.
I think the very first idea, some clever people, maybe it was the 17th century, thought in the future, it'd be quite useful to be able to access the bodies of the people.
And I think they've always been for that.
I don't think it goes back that far.
I think it actually goes back to a few people.
I think the idea maybe started in some places in
In the uk, but there's a lot of people in america.
There were a lot of thinkers in america A lot of these ideas were developed in america Um, and so we we need to make sure that we own that part of this history See now i'm a completely crazy conspiracy theorist.
Yeah, but thing is
I sincerely believe what I just said is true because nothing else fits quite as well as that.
That's what scientists do.
It's certainly a better explanation for what Stephen Hadfield was doing in Rhodesia and why Meryl Nass was involved in Ebola all those years ago.
It's because it's all one theater.
It's an ongoing theater and that's why people who were read in through their dad
You know, people who have grown up in these families, that's why they're in it.
That's why Jeff Bezos exists, or Robert Malone exists, or a lot of these people's dads, like Kevin McKernan.
They all explain why these people are in, because they are part of an ongoing plan to invert our sovereignty under the pretense of pandemic potential.
looking for fit, and now that wasn't fit.
But everything fits with that story.
What was the particular thing?
So quite early on you were, these things are bad because they're being rushed out and vaccines normally take much longer to bring out.
Any medical product would take longer than they were taking.
Yeah.
So you smelled a rat there.
But what was it that made you go full Delingpole, as it were, and made you realize that all vaccines, what was the prompt?
I don't think I got there in one go.
Yeah, I mean, I initially just focused on we were being lied to.
I knew people on the TV.
I've been around long enough that people who were in public health positions would appear on your television.
I probably worked with them at some point 30 or 40 years ago.
And you get to recognize whether people are telling you lies on the telly.
And so from the earliest time, like in February or January of 2020, it was like,
Why are you lying to me, Pat?
I say to people, once you spot the authorities lying to you, making one serious lie, why would you believe anything else they ever said?
So from that earliest point, I was highly attuned to what are they up to?
But the thing that pushed me into being very concerned about the vaccine was, because I just thought they're never going to do this.
They're telling us it'll be around the end of the year.
I remember saying to my wife, it'll take five or six years.
Because that's how long it takes.
I have friends in manufacturing who've spent longer in manufacturing than I have in research.
And they've said that development of the methods alone to work out whether you've got what you say after all the steps of manufacture,
Takes about two years just the methods right if you've decided to make something It will take you two years before you've got all of the tests and methods Validated and agreed the whole thing was done in 11 months.
It's clearly nonsense so they either made them beforehand or
which means it was nothing to do with a so-called infectious disease event, or to help with the torpedoes and just threw whatever they wanted into the vials.
Neither of those are acceptable.
So I knew that once I realized they weren't actually going to authorize them, which they didn't really, the idea that we have that our regulators have authorized them, that's not true.
They're not even classified as medical products.
They are classified as covered countermeasures in the states.
And they are not authorized by the FDA.
They are dispensed according to the Health and Human Services Secretary, which is part of the Department of Defense.
So they're not medical products.
But in 2020, I thought they were.
And so when I could see they were going to run out, they were coming at us, I thought, this can only be malign.
But you know what that means?
The fact that you
Difficult, tricky Mike Yeadon who just won't take any shit.
If it took you until now to work out that vaccines don't work, never have worked, ever, does that not mean that there could be lots of people working in the pharmaceutical industry who remain that ignorant?
Oh, I'm sure that's true.
I think without the stimulus of this event, and it's felt like a PhD.
My PhD was done in three years.
We went four and a half years in.
and I'm still learning, so yeah.
I feel exactly the same way as Mike.
I feel like I've done probably more work exploring wider than I did in my PhD because my PhD was of course focused on acetylcholine receptors in a particular mouse, in a particular brain region, in a particular set of neurons.
And I was challenged to focus on that razor sharp question
And so I read a lot about those details, but nothing about nearby, well, comparatively little about questions that weren't directly related to my own.
And over the course of reevaluating my fundamental understanding of biology and trying to factor in what public health really can be and can't be and what the vaccine schedule can be and can't be has been a long and arduous journey.
that people like Kevin McCairn or people like Kevin McKernan or people like Charles Rixey will never engage in because again, they are being paid by this apparatus, by this national security.
They are being paid comfort and fame to not question these places where I would say, if science is broken, where is it most malevolently being used against our future?
And Mike Yeadon has very succinctly identified the vaccine schedule as an ongoing narrative that was probably from the very beginning understood and pushed with the current era in mind.
It is a spectacular statement.
And I'm sure most of my colleagues still think what I thought was true, they still think it's true.
They still believe in vaccines, and they still believe in the COVID?
Probably.
I mean, it's just utterly bizarre, isn't it?
It's just, yeah, I don't know.
Mostly, I sense people just want to move on, move on.
So if you can't move on, this is act one of a multi-act play that, if we let them, finishes with total loss of freedom.
Digital totalitarian tyranny, and it's so easy.
Enslavement.
Just dispense with money and give you only digital money, which most of you are using only digital money unless you've heeded the call to only use cash.
So digital money is so convenient.
All they need to do is blow up cash, which they could do in one of half a dozen ways, plausibly.
And the other one is make it a requirement you carry and present digital ID, a single global new format of digital ID.
That's all they need.
If they've got those two things, they can say, Mike, we just heard there's a pandemic.
And don't worry, in 90 days, the pharmaceutical industry will have a jab and you will be taking it or your digital ID will become invalid.
And without that, you won't be able to spend any of your digital money or move.
Now, remember, he's explaining it.
But the reality is, is that none of us are ever going to accept that.
It's for our kids.
And the way that they will do it is with a lie about anonymity on social media and artificial intelligence fakes on social media being something that requires the government to step in and start to making sure that only real people are on the internet and that
and that these AI videos and these AI imposter things can be accurately identified and tracked from the people that make them.
And make no mistake about it, if you're playing with AI right now, you are being monitored and your activity is being monitored, and that data is being collected.
That's for sure.
Because AI is definitely a military program that is being released in a limited functionality set for you.
to convince you of its relevance, to convince you that it is out there and actively engaged in something that can be more easily explained by simple programming and artificial elevation.
So that's what I've said to people.
Elon and Twitter will be unified with an ID push.
Absolutely.
Substack will require the same ID to log in.
All of this.
Absolutely.
PeerTube will never require an ID, but if your internet provider requires a digital ID, then we're really in trouble.
I think signing up for and using
Digital ID is the entry door to the global murder machine.
And if you stay outside of it, there's a chance.
If you enter it, you can't leave, because now everything is tied.
Literally, you won't be able to move, access cash, fill your car, do anything.
They'll say, beep your digital ID.
Oh, it's not valid.
What do you mean it's not valid?
Oh, you haven't had the latest jab.
So, and all the jabs coming at us are mRNA-based.
I know for certain they are designed to injure, kill, and reduce fertility in survivors.
So, I'm sorry, if you weren't there already, I noticed there weren't
a full wave of hands, I thought.
I thought more people would be maybe as far down the rabbit hole as I am, but it's so simple to see it, isn't it?
It's given to few, Mike, I have to say.
Very few people who are
quite this batshit level.
We're probably a 10.
Where were you in normy land?
Complete normy?
I was, apart from my climate change thing, I've just been rereading Watermelons.
I'm trying to do a revised edition, which everyone's waiting for because I'm being really slow and it's annoying.
And I read the last chapter that I wrote in one of the revised editions from 10 years ago, and it said...
There is a cabal of very rich people who want to kill you and enslave you and stuff.
But when I wrote it, I was kind of writing it jokely.
I kind of didn't really believe what I was writing.
So I would say that I was pretty much a normie in those days.
One of the reasons I wanted to talk to you... I was even more normie than you.
41 years of listening to BBC Radio 4 in the morning.
41 years!
I was a teenager for God's sake, buying the times in my 20s until my early 60s.
And I watched the news like five nights a week before I sleep.
I don't think you could have found a much more normie person than me.
I salute you.
I really salute you.
The thing is...
Half my family, my dear wife, who from the earliest days when I was saying, you know, this and that, she would say, she said, I believe you, but how come no one else is saying it?
And it's only later we realized that people were frightened or censored.
Sounds like my wife, Bela.
It's good to have a good friend in your corner, never mind a best friend.
But people who aren't close to me, I've got family all around the world.
The ones that are not in this country, to a man and a woman, all think and have said to each other, Mike has literally lost his mind.
Yeah.
And I mean, I've spoken to some of them, and I've explained very clearly in writing and verbally.
And it's just, no, no, you're completely crazy, Mike.
I never thought my brother would lose it completely like you have.
But, you know, well, good luck.
That's my sister Jane.
She emigrated in 79.
And she's been multiply jabbed.
There you go.
I have a brother like that.
My parents think I'm nuts.
I've lost my mind or something.
I'm an egomaniac or something like that.
I don't know.
And it's frustrating, right?
Because it isn't their fault if groups of people on the internet and groups of people on TV are put in front of them by artificial military programs.
And that limited spectrum of debate is reinforced by four people agreeing.
than like the Ash Experiment or the Milgram Experiment or whatever all these other examples of this kind of effect are.
They don't stand a chance.
And so the only way to free them is going to be love and kindness and understanding and objective, calm,
What I've been doing over the last year is not the way we're going to get to new people.
By calling out bad guys and saying how bad they are, we're not going to get to new people.
We need to point out objectively what has been wrong for the last four years, what people have been getting wrong for the last four years, and how if you just reorient your understanding and reverence for your own biology, it becomes very obvious where broken science
where the broken academic system that we have in America and around the world, where the broken funding system
is most malevolently being used against our children's future?
That's the question we need to ask.
Yeah, I wanted to move on to the really depressing stuff a bit later on.
I thought what we'd do is just cover off the vaccine things.
Because there'll be some people here who this is the first time they've encountered you.
So they want the benefit of your wisdom.
I was given a list of questions, some of which I'm not going to ask, some of which are quite rude.
I'm not going to answer those.
You won't be able to shock me.
I'm no longer shocked.
They were rude about me.
One was picking a fight with me.
And I don't give a fine.
If people don't like what I'm saying or don't believe me, that's fine.
Go off and do whatever you want.
I don't get anything from you believing me.
So I broadcast and then you do with it what you will.
One of the questions was from somebody saying,
My office is full of pregnant women and only one has had a stillbirth or whatever.
How do you explain that given that it's supposed to be making everyone infertile?
I never said it was making everyone infertile.
In fact, I said early on that I thought it was very...
Although there are these multiple, independent, unnecessary, and obvious mechanisms of toxicity, no one could say, apart from the people actually doing it, and maybe not even them, how many people, what percentage of people it would harm.
So, for example, we know alcohol is poisonous.
If you take an amount equivalent to one glass of wine, most of you will be okay.
Some will be a little tipsy and others not.
If you take a bottle of scotch worth of alcohol, most of you will be severely ill and some might actually die.
So we've established, have we not, that there's a dose-response curve.
Same with this material.
I have no way of knowing whether they thought one in a thousand would die or one in three.
So I've never said that everyone will be infertile.
And so we're not asking the right question, which is, again, we can go back, and this is for Mike specifically.
Mike, think about it.
if you just got through saying 10 minutes ago that they could never have gotten through all of the processes necessary to successfully manufacture these products, or they either started it early.
then in either case, you're dealing with a scenario where what?
The production, you said it yourself, could never have met the billions of doses that these Moderna people are talking about.
Remember when there was a leaked conversation that the guy from Moderna said, we're gonna need a billion doses.
And then everybody's like, but no one, not even this experienced pharma exec seems to understand that, well, one way they could meet that quota really easy without risking a damn thing.
is to release placebo batches.
Now man, oh man, it's kind of unfortunate because placebo batches would explain exactly why in many, many doctor's offices around the world, there nobody noticed anything.
Come on.
What I did say is they are establishing this technology and it will be used in the future repeatedly in order to erode the population.
That's what I said in early 21.
And I still think that's true three and a half years later.
Yeah, that's why they're opening factories to make mRNA.
The manufacturing potential, or sorry, the manufacturing capability exists if they're not actually making it.
If the vast majority of what they're making is just placebo, just bottles with stuff in them that they're going to get people to perform the ritual, just the same as making masks and getting people to wear them was just getting them to perform the ritual.
And this ritual is designed to convince people that this technology that Robert Malone invented is indeed finally coming to fruition.
We gotta be very careful because we can escape if we can accurately articulate the truth or accurately articulate the most parsimonious explanation, which is murder and lies,
placebo, etc.
and I wish I wasn't right.
And this could be different, right?
We're in the fifth year, so the placebos could have only been now or in the beginning.
Now that they have only willing takers, there's far less risk.
The people that are using their transfections now are people that believe the transfections can't hurt them and are very likely not to connect an injury to the transfection already because they are participating.
And so by rolling out the placebo in 2021 and 2022, when the most skeptical people were still actively being coerced successfully into taking the jab, those jabs were the ones that needed to bleed placebo because those people were much more likely to connect the jab to the injury.
But now that we're four years in and the only people who are taking it are taking it from doctors who believe, and they believe because they believe they already took it, then these people are the least likely to connect a disconnected by time injury or allergy to the transfection once they make them hot.
Do you see it?
Holy shit, we've got him.
But no one has rebutted it.
So what I'm saying is so simple that if I was wrong, I would have some scientists writing to me or just publishing.
This guy's come up with these mad ideas.
This is why he's wrong.
No one's done that.
So there you go.
Well, thank you for dealing with that one, because it's something a lot of us get.
Those of us who were saying early on, don't take the vaccine.
We get it thrown in our face.
Well, you said that half the world would be dead by now, and they're not.
No, I never said that.
And they're disappointed, aren't they, that more people haven't died?
Because they're happy because it means that we're wrong.
That's the most important thing.
Exactly.
But there's no getting away from the fact that people were lied to because there was not...
pandemic, in my view, not a virus.
There was no public health emergency.
All the laws were changed to facilitate these dangerous materials to get approval, emergency use authorization.
If that's the case, and the manufacturing capability was not there, or was preconceived,
then either way you look at it, the only way, and the easiest way, and the most foolproof way, and the cheapest way to assure that over the course of this operation, transfection and transformation would essentially be accepted as working, but having been rushed, would be to use placebo batches and then complain about double-stranded DNA contamination.
be very clear about this, I think we are on the bullseye here.
And then they were just lying to you about that because it was going around the back of our military countermeasures allowed in a public emergency, in a national emergency.
And this goes back like 25 years, 50 years.
It's like there's no getting away from it.
It goes back to the Human Genome Project, when they realized that there was no way in hell they could sequence one genome effectively mapping the human genome.
They probably found more variation than they've ever revealed.
It's probably still remaining secret.
They've found landmarks that they have misconstrued as being understanding.
They've found maps and made maps that they've misconstrued as sequencing the whole genome.
And even though they've made much progress since they declared they finished, they haven't still succeeded in generating the kind of fidelity of understanding that all academic biologists assume is already there.
And that is the disturbing part of this, is that that level of mythology and what has been achieved or hasn't been achieved by the Human Genome Project is the giant lie that underpins all of academic biology and all of public health.
If you understand what they haven't accomplished or have accomplished with the human genome and how far we have come and haven't come, you will understand that so many of the funding schemes, so many of the intellectual hamster wheels that entire universities, entire departments are stuck in are based on the idea that I guess we sequenced the whole genome and we know what all these genes do and so we might as well study them now.
Fortunately,
The mounting horror is, and then now I'm completely relaxed about it.
It's like, okay, I've got used to the fact there's 0.01% of humanity have spent their entire life, like mom and grandma and granddad and great-grandfather before them, working out how to lasso us useless eaters.
And this is one of the things they're doing, and I am blessed to be able to spot this particular part of the in-dimensional chess game.
It's like, okay, that's what they're doing.
This is a question you're bound to get asked a lot, but understandably.
Somebody said, my children and grandchildren were all vaccinated.
Have you come upon any ways of undoing the damage of these?
No, I haven't.
This isn't an area that I've looked at in particular.
I'm not a medical doctor, I'm a PhD scientist, so I haven't.
I don't know.
But these recent jabs are not like previous material.
Previous materials were plausible.
If you believed in the virus causes the disease story,
the design of the old style vaccines, I think made sense.
Now, I think in this sense, I would agree with Mike Eden, but you have to be a little bit more biologically precise.
If a bacterial infection or pathogenic infection produces a toxic protein or the
the glycoprotein produced by the bacteria during an infection like tuberculosis or something like that is a toxic protein for which antibodies can be formed, then it's not a terrible idea because again, those antibodies are formed during the natural exposure to that pathogen as well.
But I think that that idea, which is not terrible in immunology and probably maybe even applied to something like the smallpox virus when it was done by a variolation in the skin, that I think there is a possibility that there's some real biology at the basis of this, but it has to do with our bodies dealing with
damage-associated molecular patterns, not molecular patterns associated with particular bad guys, particular toxins are remembered, particular bad combinations of amino acids that are nasty enzymes or that are nasty binding proteins are mapped and remembered by the immune system as foreign signals that can be tissue damaging.
And I think we have to start to reorient our understanding about the challenge that the immune system faces, and where that challenge comes from, and not start with their default, which is that there are all these unique pathogens, and until you meet them, your immune system is completely naive to them, and therefore you're completely vulnerable to them.
And that foundational myth
is where this public health mythology rests.
That's where we break it because, again, the ability to sequence stuff and look in the background for all kinds of bad guys is part of the toolbox that was essentially provided
by the Human Genome Project, provided to people like Nathan Wolf and Peter Daszak by the Human Genome Project.
And so they went on to take these deceptive tools and to use them as high fidelity measuring sticks.
And that's ridiculous.
And that, that is the heart of the new biology we all need to learn as we reorient and try to extricate ourselves from this mythology.
That's because they told us that they grew up some of that organism and they weakened it or killed it with heat or chemicals.
But that was all a lie as well, wasn't it?
Yes, it was.
But it's because the infectious agents aren't there at all.
You've read that book, haven't you?
The one that tells you about how they made smallpox.
So now we're starting to talk about how the infectious agents aren't there and I think we're getting into very dangerous territory.
And the reason why I think we're getting into very dangerous territory is very, very simple.
because our gut barrier and our lung barrier and our skin barrier are real barriers.
And if they are breached,
then the bacteria in symbiotic relationship with us in our gut, in symbiotic relationship with us on the surface of our skin, in symbiotic relationship with us in our nasal passages, in our mucosa, etc.
Those symbiotic bacteria are producing toxins which our body can tolerate, but not in large quantities and not if they go systemic.
So it is impossible to underestimate how we can generalize across sickness and illness that has to do with fever and chills and nausea and headache as a breach of a barrier.
And that's why so many of these things share very common symptomologies.
A severe flu with chills and then fever
and sweating and cold sweats.
Those things happen when bacterial toxins breach your lung barrier.
But curiously enough, the exact same symptomology set was evoked by the repeated
breaking of the skin barrier on my leg.
Twice I have had my eczema allow things through, which have essentially given me all of the symptoms of what you could call COVID or the flu or whatever.
I got chills.
I had fever.
I had cold sweats.
I wasn't hungry.
I wanted to sleep and wrap up.
I woke up and the muscles felt great to stretch out, exactly like what I used to call flu, exactly how I got sick when I was riding my bike in 2019, but I never attributed it to a novel virus.
I attributed it to breathing the smoke of automobiles every morning and every afternoon.
But now suddenly all things are attributable to viruses that can be described by sequencing reactions based on technology from the fraudulent human genome project and based on experimental methodologies that are simply DNA and RNA synthetically created and then transformed and transfected into cell cultures and animals.
And that is called virology.
And that illusion was created by people like David Baltimore, who is a direct descendant of, of course, Joshua Lederberg, one of the granddaddies of this thinking.
And that's what this is about, these ideas.
It's as Mike pointed out earlier, these ideas and where they were seeded and by whom they were seeded is what is most important for us to figure out right now because it is the continual mentoring of these ideas onto young people, the passing along of the mythology that they now want us to do for our children so that everybody in the world accepts transfection as having worked and having saved us from a gain-of-function virus.
And vaccines are great.
And they'll be even better in the future because of this wonderful new technology.
Vaccines.
No, I don't think I've read that one.
From corpses.
Really?
Yeah, sort of from plague ships.
And they sort of got the pustules from the dead bodies.
Sounds like they really thought that it would work, even though it's a gross thing to do.
But as I say, I don't need to.
I'm not trying to be right about everything.
But I'm confident enough about a small number of things that is absolutely no doubt that, you know, whatever.
If we let them, the worst will come.
Do you think that any vaccine has worked for anyone ever?
I think it's unlikely.
Why would I even want to be absolutist about such a statement?
Scientists, politicians, politicians make absolute statements even though everything is vague.
scientists are expected to make digital answers, whereas they recognize most things are vague.
So I think it is unlikely.
And so it is really a system of lying.
And you can see it as grant writing or you can see it as abstract writing.
But what it is, is essentially agreeing to play this game where we all know that I'm oversimplifying everything I'm trying to explain.
We know that my experiment isn't really asking a meaningful question because the null hypothesis is pretty dumb and has a lot of assumptions that haven't been tested.
And yet, because the goal is to participate in the system, it's to learn how to do that.
then there are lots of tenured professors who are very good at cutting this imaginary sausage into ever thinner slices as they extend their career into the future without actually making any meaningful progress on the big ideas that they claim to be addressing.
and instead they're focused on a few moving parts and then they give presentations about how those moving parts are the most important moving parts of all.
I can give you a great example from any one of the things that I've ever done in my career.
Let's just go with small conductance potassium channels.
It's one of the first papers I ever published.
I worked for a guy, bless his heart, by the name of Khaled Huwamad, who took me off the street, taught me to patch clamp.
We went through 9-11 together.
He shaved his beard and didn't want to come into the university because he was afraid that the 9-11 would result in all the Muslims being rounded up and put in camps.
And he was terrified.
And he's not in science anymore.
He's got a successful Tunisian restaurant in Michigan, I believe.
But what a great mentor he was from the perspective of telling me what it was that science does.
He knew it was a game.
It was a game where you had to stake out your own little intellectual space that was significantly different enough from other people that you didn't encroach on anyone.
And what we were doing was SK channels, small conductance potassium channels, that are slow in their activation.
And so they actually can be seen as determining whether a neuron can fire, or whether a neuron goes,
And so from college perspective, from the grant writing perspective, S K channels are the potassium channel.
That's responsible for deciding the ability of a neuron to send a high frequency signal or a low frequency signal.
And if you think about it from the perspective of symphony, that essentially essentially S K channels are the controllers of the symphony, the tempo.
And so we wrote all of our grants, wrote all of our abstracts, wrote all of our discussions under the idea that SK channels, among hundreds of channels in neurons, are the most interesting target for stroke research.
They're the most interesting target for particular kinds of pharmaceutical targets or whatever the argument would be.
And this kind of, of, of intense focus has resulted in hundreds of thousands of incredibly smart people having been essentially unable to see that transfection was being misconstrued here as something that healthy people should definitely get on board with.
And that it would be as simple as using a placebo in order to trick people into thinking that this had successfully worked.
It's not a very, very difficult story to understand at all.
And if you think about the billions of dollars at stake, the generations of children that could be used as experimental animals until the population is reduced to a more sustainable level according to their plans, then the easiest, most foolproof way to do it would be with placebo batches and then to agree to argue about the people that are injured, to put people like Epi-Girl, Jessica Rose out there to complain about it.
and then get her on as many podcasts as possible.
And then to have some guy who used to speak in front of the WHO about fit and finish technologies and vaccine to come out and say that he invented this stuff and he was skeptical and maybe we should be skeptical too.
But I could be surprised and find that there were tetanus, for example.
Does the tetanus vaccine work?
I don't know.
Could it work?
Yeah, probably could.
Because tetanus has a toxin.
And this is where it becomes dangerous because the places where this kind of augmentation has a chance to work, again, are where the biological story involves a toxic protein that gets produced when a barrier is broken and a bacteria is able to replicate inside of the barrier.
But I've not researched that one because it's not
Or bacterial proteins break the barrier, because that happens a lot in the gut with a particular kind of class of bacterial protein that can cause systemic inflammation, even if the bacteria themselves aren't in.
It can be a leaky gut and the bacterial proteins that aren't supposed to be in circulation that can cause this long-term inflammation.
Again, nothing to do with pandemic RNAs, just to do with
the consequences of the biology of our own system.
Against an organism, but against a toxin, apparently.
Yeah, exactly.
I'm not promoting anything.
Maybe if the tetanus gel was delivered by the prong, by the horn of a magical unicorn, then it might work.
Anyway, I think it's unlikely.
I think it's unlikely.
I heard you hint.
Again, people often, they want me to say absolute things, and I say, why do you want me to say it?
Because you're Dr. Mike Eden, former
Chief Scientific Officer of Pfizer.
So you want me to say something I'm not 100% sure of because other people will believe it.
It's like, get out of here.
That's not what I'm going to do.
So I'm absolutely certain acute respiratory illnesses are not infectious or contagious.
In fact, I think acute respiratory illnesses in this context could have been caused by the overuse of supplementary oxygen to the tune of even 60 liters a minute, as Kyle Seidel said on his YouTube channel, as Pierre Cory described in his testimony in the Senate and on his Substack.
This is a problem.
There's 100 years of evidence to say that.
And I've not persuaded my wife completely of this.
But I am sure of it.
So when they tell you there's bird flu going around, it's like, no, no, no, there isn't.
They may well be ill, but they're not.
Poor little sweetie pie is not going to cough up some pathogen and make you sick.
It's a psyop.
It's an absolute psyop.
You're more likely to catch dolphin influenza.
Wow.
So I'm certain about that, because I've read the bloody literature.
I've read the hundred years of literature that says that attempts to transmit people who've got colds, they put them in rooms with people who didn't have colds, and then follow them for several weeks.
And they did the same experiment by putting two healthy people in a room.
And the question was, how many of the recipients in each case would get sick?
And you'd be pretty sure, wouldn't you, that if colds were
transmissible that more people would get cold symptoms in the next few weeks if they sat for an hour or two with someone with a cold.
They don't.
It's been published.
But Steve Kersh said that his positivity went around his house.
Steve Kersh testifies to the strangeness of it and says that after his wife got sick, he tested positive.
And so we again, we have a limited spectrum of debate being reinforced by people that we were told for three years by an organization like Twitter.
Essentially, Steve Kirsch is a good guy because Malone and Brett Weinstein say so.
40 times.
So, sorry, that's your mental model.
It's wrong.
So you can't catch a cold?
No.
And I think that's a very dangerous thing to say because I believe that within the biology that they have misconstrued as HIV and retroviruses is a scenario where your immune system uses retroviruses to communicate between cell types, not just cytokines and interleukins.
but also more likely genetic signals.
And so if you took a sample from a related primate and put it into a human, there is a non-zero chance that retroviral signals from their own immune system would be present and that those retroviral signals would be overlapping enough so that a catastrophic dysregulation of your own immune system could occur as a result of the intramuscular injection of retroviruses sourced from a related to, but not the same primate.
Once they discovered that there was this layer of the immune system that they inadvertently discovered by making a hepatitis vaccine and giving it to gay people, they called it HIV.
They said that retroviruses were outside of you.
And they built this biological scheme called the Baltimore scheme that describes all of these things that are outside of you.
Even though years later, it comes to find out that there are correlates of all these special viral enzymes in our own cells, actively doing things that we don't really want to pay any attention to by giving grant money to them.
And instead, we're going to invest in all that stuff that's outside of you.
This is really the fundamental inversion of our irreducible complexity upon which public health is based.
And this is how we will break them.
We will teach our children that every detail that we know of the body is now an extra gear.
We still don't understand how works in concert with the other gears to produce us.
And when people think, when people think, oh no, well you say that, Dr. Ian, but I know that I had a cold and I definitely caught it from the guy in the office.
I have thought about this.
See, the other thing that's possible then, right, is that highly immunologically incompatible people, when your immune system is signaling,
My immune system would make perfect sense to me if my immune system, when exposed to something, would have a signal that it could send to the people that I'm closest to, the people that I spend the most time with, my family, so that their immune system would be activated in a way to avoid illness, to avoid exposure, to avoid fever, whatever.
And in the scenario where that signal is being sent out, but your immune system isn't as related to mine as it is, or as aligned with that signal, then you could develop symptoms as a result of being exposed to my actively signaling immune system.
And of course, we are told, no one has ever asked the question of, is there a signaling in that regime?
Even though we know that menstrual cycles of entire frat houses, or not frat houses, but sorority houses can be in sync between roommates or even hallways.
We know that when you kiss someone, a lot of times it's just like, yee, and other times it's like, oh my gosh, I can't believe it.
She's a smoker, but somehow or another, kissing her still,
tastes good.
That can happen.
And it's because of biology that nobody wants to discuss that's there, where our immune systems are communicating to one another, where our biology is being evaluated subconsciously by the chemical interactions of our bodies.
It's not just DNA to RNA to protein.
It's a lot more complicated than that.
But of course, if they told you that,
then you would never buy the illusion of understanding.
You would never buy into the idea that they have almost all the problems solved or the idea that Kurtzweiler puts forward that in 40 years or 20 years, there will be no disease.
And if you can just make it that far, you're essentially going to make it to immortality.
Stop lying.
It's not incumbent on me to come up with an explanation, right, for how they do work, given I've shown you that you're being lied to.
But I just think it's easier if I give you some suggestions.
Common colds are sufficiently common that if you have one, it's not that unlikely that someone known to you, family member or friend, will also get a cold in the next short period of time.
And that doesn't mean spread.
And that's a very valid point.
And when that happens, the person who got it second thinks they got it from you.
It's consistent with contagion, but it isn't.
The other one is, whatever it is that causes these acute symptoms, I think there will be an environmental contribution.
Maybe it's too hot, too cold, too dry, too much pollen, or whatever it is.
Or any number of toxins that are in the soaps that you use, the products that you use, the food that you eat, the air that you breathe, the car that you drove behind, or the stuff that you put on your face.
You and that person you think you got it from shared some of that environment.
or some of the food.
So I think it's coincidence and shared environments.
That's what explains contagion.
And then here's the other one.
Oh, well, you say that it was all put on, but I had the worst flu I'd ever had in my life in 2020.
So how do you explain that?
And for a while, I couldn't.
But I go, I can explain that.
I can explain it.
Most of us have something called influenza, it's like a description.
Quite rarely in our life, I've had it twice, I'm 64, and I've asked around and most people it's like one to three.
I just don't understand how that's even a statement you can make.
I'm an American.
As an American, I went to work when I was sick.
I ignored my symptoms when I was sick.
I rode my bike to work when I was sick.
And by the time I got to work, I felt okay.
And I worked feeling sick.
And then I went home because when I'm, when I want to take a day off and I only have two weeks vacation as a postdoc, then I use those sick days for vacation as well.
Get 25 of those.
So for me, it's odd because I can't remember.
I can remember being sick in 2019.
I remember it because my wife made fun of me.
Like, you're sick like that again?
Like, it's just because you're smoking and because you're riding your bike in the cold winter, and it happened last winter, it's happening this winter, it happens every winter, because you're riding your bike in the cold.
And we both agreed it must be the case.
That's it.
That's done.
But I've been sick like that before.
At least, I just didn't think it was quite as bad.
But I couldn't name the times that I had been sick like that before.
I'm sure I had the flu when I was playing basketball in my junior year because I remember
Really thinking about whether or not I could play one of those games and we were having such a good basketball year that it just like what?
I'm not gonna play that would be ridiculous.
I might miss the best game of our of our high school season.
I Got at least be on the bench and available So Americans and I suspect a lot of other Western countries in general aren't making a detailed
you know, diary about, oh boy, I really felt bad today.
My fever was this and my pulse ox went from this and that.
And I decided to take some aconitia and blah, blah, blah, and keep some diary.
And then years later, just be able to flip back to the two pages where the red mark is because I had flu.
It seems bizarre to make that comment.
You don't remember how many times you were sick in that way?
No way.
Just imagine now, let's say you've had three and you're 60 and you get flu in 2020.
What's the chances it will be the worst flu you've ever had?
It could be milder to what you've had before, about the same, worse.
And I think it's just throwing the dice.
And I think a significant minority of people who had flu in 2020 legitimately could say, because it was true, this was the worst flu I'd ever had.
So you see?
I think there are lots of people in 2018 that would say it.
I think there were people in 2009 that would say it.
I just don't think this expands beyond anecdotal.
50,000 to 70,000 people die every week in America.
100,000 people every year for the last four years have been killed by opioids.
And so a few anecdotal cases of the worst flu ever doesn't mean that every year, if you wanted to, you couldn't interview people and find people that said, yeah, that's the worst flu I've ever had.
It just would be less some years than other years.
That's the expert.
And that means no matter how many times you hear that anecdote,
And however true it is, it provides you with no evidence whatsoever there was something new in the environment.
It's funny that, you know.
Especially not with the flu jabs being pushed, especially not with the horrible lack of regulation of our food supply.
Anyway, so I have now satisfied myself about viruses and colds and flu and contagion.
When people say, what's about black death?
It's like, I don't know.
I don't give a monkeys about black death.
I'm not going to think about that.
What's measles then?
I don't know.
Next.
It's not my job to provide education for the world.
I've told you, you're being lied to.
Exactly.
It's not our goal, and the onus is not on us if we say that these people are actively lying to us to have a
a sealed, what is the right word?
A open and shut case on what actually happened.
We're not supposed to, this is exactly the analogy I've used many times where you call the police and say, hey, somebody was breaking into my home.
The 911 operator doesn't ask you, well, what is their motivation?
Why did they break into your house?
What are they looking for?
What do they intend to do after?
Where are they going to go next?
And in this scenario where a couple generations of the biosecurity state has essentially been working to build a narrative about vaccines and public health.
so that our sovereignty could be inverted and that our children could be turned into experimental animals and that they would use murder and lies and placebos and people like Robert Malone and Mary Holland and Merrill Nass and Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
and all the people they could, Pierre Kory, Jessica Hockett, the
any group that they could co-opt like Heart or Panda.
All of these things, if they rose on social media to see many people's eyes or to get into many people's ears, it was by design because that's how we are controlled.
Social media is not a random, spontaneous group of good ideas rising to the top.
It is not.
It is a very carefully controlled environment where you are sitting in a chair with your feet on the pedals and your goggles on and your hand on a joystick and you think you're flying a TIE fighter against the Empire by joining up forces with Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
and Robert Malone to fight against Tony Fauci and Peter Daszak.
You must disconnect.
Let's hear that again.
It's not my job to provide education for the world.
I've told you you're being lied to about COVID and you're being lied to about bird flu and they're trying to persuade you to give up your freedom and let them stab toxins in you.
Isn't that enough?
Well said.
Well said, Mr. Sparkle.
So you've actually gone halfway to answering my next question, which is basically, have you now moved into the no virus camp?
Yeah, I think it's...
And that's unfortunate because that's not the biological, the biological evidence is there, that there is a signal at this size scale.
So there is no way to get around the fact that there is a signal at this size scale, that the signal is very ubiquitous across healthy tissues and cancerous tissues, across fungal rhizomes and the roots of deciduous trees.
and the bacteria that form nodules on their roots.
This is all, these are all signaling regimes that are in the background.
And that's not even talking about the earliest identified version of this kind of signaling regime.
And that is the bacteriophage.
found by none other than people like Joshua Lederberg who are at the heart and soul of the mentality of the the idea set that we are being coerced into passing on to our children just in the same way that our parents were coerced into passing it on to us.
Just tell us why.
I was helped by somebody who had recently made the transition.
And he said, you don't have to go into a position of saying, I don't believe in viruses.
You can say, because it's true, that there is no convincing evidence for the presence of them.
I've not seen any convincing evidence for the presence of them.
Now again, don't force me to do the religious bit.
I really am afraid of that because again, you can choose the old papers and you can
use the methodologies to show that the methodologies are wrong.
You can culture cells and make them produce viral-like particles, or break down if you get rid of them, or plate them too thickly, or allow them to grow past the capacity of the plate.
And that can be misconstrued as, see, there are no viruses, there are no exosomes, there's no communication at this size scale.
There are no signals like arc in the brain that pass from neuron to neuron so that genes that are expressed in one neuron can be expressed in neighboring neurons without that neuron needing to be activated.
And those are all real biological phenomenon that have been misconstrued as virology in the Baltimore scheme.
And I'm afraid that the no virus trap is exactly that, that if you get there, then you're not going to ever usefully pivot
to questioning the human genome project and the illusion created using it.
You're never going to pivot to the illusion that was created by virology, which actually covers up the effectiveness, the effective experimentation using synthetic DNA and RNA to transform and transfect cell cultures and animals and calling that virology.
And so if you say there are no viruses, you're not saying the same thing as there's no virology.
And I'm saying there is definitely virology and the vast majority, if not all of it is based on the misconstruing of testing DNA and RNA transfection and transformation on cell culture and animals with bona fide discussion and, and experimentation on viruses, which it is definitely not.
And if you don't usefully question this and you just settle on, I guess it's nothing, then you will never question the foundation of the biosecurity state, the foundation of the human genome project, the foundation of all biologic production in pharmaceutical companies, which is synthetic DNA, recombinant DNA, bacterial cultures reproducing it.
And then the commercial conversion of that to RNA,
And that technology is well-developed.
And so they could seed any PCR positive they want.
They could seed any sequence they want and claim they found it.
And you don't need to have a pandemic virus.
You don't need to have a pandemic RNA.
You don't need to have a gain-of-function RNA.
All you need to do is have the capacity to make enough DNA in a pure enough quantity to detect it.
Enough DNA to make a pure enough quantity of RNA to inject it.
to apply it to a cell culture, to apply it to an animal, and then detect the proteins that are produced and call that a model of infectious disease.
Or be too naive to know that that's all you're doing in your experiments as you produce your PhD, as you write grants and you learn to perform this ritual over and over and over again.
And people tell you you're great for it.
do swear that viruses don't exist.
It's like, I'll just tell you what I just told you.
I've seen no evidence for them.
And they belong in the same category as goblins under your table, leprechauns, and unicorns.
Although some people think unicorns existed.
Well, be careful about that.
Yeah, I have to be a bit careful.
A lot of these things.
In fact, I'm now going to block my copybook by saying, of all the conspiracy theories you hear, I rule out none of them.
Right?
Because the trouble is, whenever I've gone in close to look at them, the bloody things have come true.
I'm glad you said that, Mike.
I'm going to ask you about... I'm really upset about the dinosaurs.
There's a few coming up.
Don't you worry about that.
So yeah, because lots of people get really worked up about the no virus.
They're either team terrain or they're team virus.
I don't join anything.
Hamster wheel.
It's staggering to me in retrospect that I had a career in corporate.
How the hell did I manage that?
Hamster wheel.
I think it's because I'm inherently quite a nice person.
I don't like to
or if I knew I was going to have to do something like ending a project that I knew would upset people, I would work really, really hard to try and smooth over it, smooth over the water, try and find some other focus for their attention and so on.
So that's how I managed to do it, I think.
Because if I'd been more disagreeable, my own internal processes of
I don't tend to join things, I would not have managed to become, I'm not that good a team player, so I put it on.
And the reason I don't join things is, it's so constraining.
So if you join Team No Virus fully, there's like six edicts or whatever, things you have to.
There you go, now he's saying it, and remember, they were that way from the very beginning, so it's clear that that was part of the show.
And so he can say he's kind of on their team, like I can say I'm kind of on their team, but their team was a trap and that was part of it, especially Andy Kaufman.
And he admitted it by going on Steve Kirsch's podcast this year.
Yes.
And I don't like that because what happens if I wake the next day and think, I've thought of something else that doesn't fit.
It's like.
then this is what happens.
I think people end up, they've jumped from one lily pad to another to another.
And what you should do is think.
Don't join anything, just be nice, but think.
That's all you should do.
Actually, it's something I need to mention.
I've only learned in the last three weeks, and so you probably won't have heard it.
But it all fits when I say it.
You know that there was a team hero, the alternative media people, not me, people who are 100 times more famous around the world.
I won't mention them at this particular point, but you all know who I'm thinking.
So many doctors who are- Robert Malone, Pierre Kory, Meryl Ness.
All these American doctors that had to go to Australia and testify.
Americans.
And as soon as they were a hundred times more famous around the world, I won't mention them at this particular point, but you all know who I'm thinking, so many doctors who are Americans.
Yes, he says.
Yes, Dowingpole says.
Yes.
And now we have two UK people telling us that it was America.
America did it.
It wasn't anybody in the UK collaborating with people in America.
It wasn't traders in America.
It was America.
And so rather than being a ally of America and saying, wow, America is really being undermined from the inside by people who are collaborating with people who are undermining the UK from the inside and people who are undermining Canada from the inside, they don't say anything like that.
They say that there's lots of people, doctors in America.
And as soon as the pandemic arrived, they came up with early treatment for COVID-19, didn't they?
And they pushed and pushed and pushed.
First, I thought... He's right about that.
Most of those early treatment people were Americans, but there was a French guy who pushed hydroxychloroquine and a few others.
But he's right about that.
And we've actually said that Pierre Cory, it's an admission that he was so hardcore on ivermectin.
It is an admission that Brett Weinstein was like parading around the idea that he had the secret formula that when combined with bandanas and woodshop goggles he was just as good as vaccinated for shit's sake.
then later when I realized there wasn't.
So I thought, why are they pushing this stuff?
I thought, they're pushing harmless placebos on the worried well, and they're providing a boon.
Worried well is a phrase that
James Giordano used back in 2017.
I'm worried about people that use the words worried well.
The structure that really is a pandemic.
I thought, why would these clever people be going out of their way to sell you this stuff?
What about these clever people that went out of their way to say that the PCR test that the WHO was rolling out wasn't right because it was rushed or because it makes primer dimers?
And those people included Kevin McKernan and Claire Craig, who I both am sure are bad guys, but also included Thomas Binder and this guy, Michael Yeadon.
They were both on that paper that didn't say that PCR testing was bad, but said that the way the WHO was advocating to do it was methodologically unsound, which is very, very different.
Unfortunately, it's much worse than that.
One of the center stage drugs that they want you to take, ivermectin, is one of the most violent fertility toxins I've ever come across.
Bingo!
And of course, that has already been said by people like Tim Truth and many other people have posited this.
It was one of the reasons why people think it makes sense that they would distribute it in Africa.
Very, very, very, very interesting assertion because of course it also cures cancer and Parkinson's disease and all these other things that these doctors say it does.
But none of those doctors are ever willing to come out and say that anything that cures cancer might not be appropriate to use in a healthy person.
Bret Weinstein was arguing for the continuous prophylactic use of ivermectin, not a once in a season exposure for parasites, prophylactic use.
And I didn't know this, because like you, you probably didn't think to do the deep research, and I didn't.
So someone contacted me a few weeks ago with a bloody great dossier of papers that go back from its discovery, and there's unquestionably around the doses you're being required, you're being suggested to take in rats and rabbits, and in some limited studies in humans,
It reduces the ability to conceive and to grow babies to term.
And doesn't it fit?
Doesn't it fit?
Why did this?
There's nothing that's major.
on the world stage that's accidental, I'm afraid.
Yes.
That's the problem.
Nothing that's major on the world stage is accidental.
So what is the PCR test then?
In my humble opinion, as exposed by what happened on on college campuses around the United States, there was a pre-planned
Already they knew what they were going to do because a PCR testing regime gets you one thing and one thing more than anything else.
It gets you an unlimited supply of genetic samples that are classified as medical remnants.
You know the shit they throw away at hospitals?
If it's to an individual patient and they anonymize it, they can sell that to any biotech company that wants to buy it for a sample.
That's why they encourage children, parents in America to circumcise their kids so that people like Vincent Racaniello have fibroblasts to work on in their cell cultures.
It's medical remnants.
You don't get any medical remnants of foreskin from young babies if you don't actively encourage parents to circumcise their children.
But once they do it, it becomes a medical remnant.
that the hospital can sell for profit.
And PCR testing every single college kid every week was a repeated excuse to create a medical remnant that contained information about their genome, about their microbiome, about their immune system, and anything else that could be extracted from such a sample.
And they knew this because medical remnants were already a source of a lot of data.
I used to make recordings from the medical remnants of people who were getting a glioma removed.
And technically speaking, they didn't even need to give permission because it was a medical remnant.
It was de-identified and I got human brain.
And if you think for one second that the opportunity to collect data en masse was missed, you're sorely mistaken.
And in fact, I have come to believe from my work on a couple cases about PCR testing, that actually it is very, very likely given the fact that so many of these PCR tests were only looking at a single amplicon, that in reality, the whole point of doing a PCR test was to create the medical remnant that could be used for full genome screening, to make a lot of restriction enzyme maps of a lot of people over and over and over again,
and then to take that data and see if AI or some kind of machine learning algorithm could use the data they collected and interface with any number of medical databases that are available, including Epic.
Someone like Joshua Lederberg already knew back in the day that we were gonna use computers to sort through this data.
He was famous for having advocated for the application of machine learning to biological data.
And so we are talking about a multi-generational set of ideas that is being executed exactly as Mike Eden has said.
That the vaccine schedule was seen as a way that over generations we could invert our sovereignty and convert these children to experimental animals without them even knowing it, without us having to pay a dime, with them coming to us.
And at the same time, we'll have opened the door to whenever we want to meaningfully reduce the reproductive population of the world, we could do it.
And ivermectin is just one way, one example of how this could be done if people agree to lie to you about these fundamental biological phenomena.
And so now you know there's nothing major on the world stage that's accidental.
Who put ivermectin there?
Well, the perpetrators did.
And why did they put it there?
Robert Malone was seminal in identifying it using the domain program of DITRA.
He identified ivermectin, silicoxib, famotidine, and remdesivir.
Why not name names?
We know what Americans did it.
It's like, if you don't get jabbed and avoid impacts on your fertility, a good chunk of you will take ivermectin instead.
It gets worse, and then I'll stop talking about this because I haven't written about it yet, but it's on my mind.
There are lots of other supplements that the worried will take.
And again, I had thought it was mainly a money-making business.
All right, a money-making business, they'll sell you K2 or whatever it is.
And there's loads of things I've never heard of.
You look in the so-called health foods.
Niacin, acetylcysteine.
I mean, the list is endless, right?
My wife will often ask me, what will this do?
I've said, I've never heard of it.
I was originally a biochemist and toxicologist.
I've never heard of it.
I have to look it up.
It's real.
It does exist.
So I thought they were just flogging benign placebos to the worried whale just to steal money off them.
Unfortunately, it's not so.
Many of the supplements, including most of the really famous ones, hamper the elimination from your body of ivermectin.
So if you're a person that thinks, well, I'm going to take care of my health and not have to take care of my health.
Wow, what a weird, that's an interesting statement to make.
So a lot of the other supplements make it harder for you to deal with ivermectin?
Whoa.
It's ivermectin that'll protect me.
And I've got all these other supplements, and those supplements stop your body eliminating ivermectin.
It's a negative drug-drug interaction.
Yikes.
OK, that's something I've never heard before.
That's new.
This can't be coincidence, folks.
And it's not a coincidence.
So don't take anything.
Honestly, just don't take pharmaceutical products, said the guy that works in the pharmaceutical industry.
Wow.
Don't take pharmaceutical products.
Again, now we're saying something meaningful.
That's fantastic, Mike.
I mean, again.
Obviously, find a trusted doctor, because you can't trust most doctors.
I'm not saying throw your prescriptions away, but seriously.
You can't trust doctors because they are fooled.
Make sure you understand that.
We want to make sure that we go with compassion, that we approach people with the idea that they can also wake up just like we did.
It's often very easy, especially for a guy like me who's super fired up, to forget that two and a half years ago, I didn't know any of this stuff.
Two and a half years ago, I was still arguing with people on the internet about whether this was a gain-of-function virus or not, or whether the spike protein was important.
And so we've got to remain humble.
We've got to remain humble.
There were people who were years ahead of us on this.
If any of you are on chronic medications, find an enlightened doctrine.
Evaluate whether that on balance is the right thing for you.
Because my hunch is it's not.
I'm going to chuck out my stash of ivermectin.
I think loads of people have got ivermectin.
We threw it out just in recent days, and we threw out all of the supplements.
In our particular case, we're not trying to have children.
But there were several of these health supplements that the papers specifically showed were what's called PGP.
PGP, P-glycoprotein.
P-glycoprotein inhibitors and ivermectin is secreted using P-glycoprotein pathways.
And it was like, oh my God.
And we have ivermectin in the bathroom cabinet and all the PGP inhibitor supplements in the kitchen cupboard.
And we threw them all in the bin.
Wow.
I know.
Do you think there are any pharmaceutical products that are okay?
I mean, for example, where are you on aspirin and paracetamol?
I wouldn't take those either.
But then I knew they were dangerous.
We were all told, were we not?
Have you not heard this phrase?
If they were launching aspirin today or paracetamol today, never get approved.
We've all heard that, I think.
And at one point, maybe still now, you can't buy more than a certain number, two boxes or something.
So there's a recognition that they are quite dangerous.
And I don't think they're useful either.
Do you not get headaches?
Ah, that's the one thing.
I don't, luckily, but my wife does, and she said the only thing that removes it is aspirin.
You see, this is the bug factor.
That's fine.
Aspirin!
Ha ha!
You don't have to go all religious about it, but I would think the default position should be not to reach for medicines when you feel unwell.
I take a regular painkiller because I manage to get myself into a stupid situation where I have chronic, quite severe pain.
And I would say that the medicines that are closest to nature are probably the safest.
So the pharmaceutical industry
was taken over at the turn of the 19th, 20th century by the Rockefeller School of how can we use the oil industry's products to make things.
That was one of many ways to use petrochemicals.
But prior to that, most things were based on herbal remedies.
And there were lots of anti-inflammatories from plants and pain relievers from plants and so on, things that can dry your secretions from plants.
And people have known about these things for hundreds of thousands of years probably.
So used with care under the direction of someone who's been around the block, that is the medicine woman or the witch doctor or whatever, I think
Yeah, those are probably OK.
They're probably more likely to work and have been designed by, I call it, God or nature.
I don't mind how that happened, but they're real natural things.
And I know creationists would say, God put them there for our use.
Well, you know my theory on this?
No.
It goes back to the Tower of Babel, that the fallen angels wanted to make war on God.
And so they created a sort of simulacrum, a sort of bastard version of heaven on Earth.
So God provided all these things, these natural things which work.
And all they can do is invert it and subvert it.
so that you get sort of chemical simulations made from petroleum products or whatever.
And they're not like the real thing.
So basically what I've just said might marry up somewhat with your... It's totally true.
You're absolutely right.
And I think there are a small number of products that belong to that category.
And you have to go and look at each one to see whether they've been inverted.
or not, but yeah, general rule of thumb, take as few prescription medicines as you possibly can.
You can't get a health, you can't get a solution to it, to a disorder or an illness, something that's ailing you, from taking chronically a medicine.
I just, it's not, we're too complicated for that.
Hey, we're too complicated for that.
I like it.
I'm gobsmacked by the ivermectin thing.
I mean, that is a real, that's a real shock.
But I think what it shows is Albert Pike's famously said, you know, when they want a hero, we will supply them.
So during the whole pandemic, the fake pandemic, there were various,
freedom fighters that you've hinted at, particularly American.
There's no reason to believe that he is not one of these people, just like Robert Malone and Brett Weinstein, I'm almost sure, are one of these people.
There's no reason to believe that this guy isn't as well because he's risen quite well in social media.
He says,
batshit crazy and stuff like that.
He's undermining his own credibility and undermining his own ability to reach out to new people by acting like that.
I don't care if it's irony or some weird British humor.
It's not helping his ability to save new people.
And it's not helping Mike's ability to save new people.
doctors who emerged apparently as heroes for our side, that they too were questioning the system and they were fighting back.
The ones that get prominence are always working for the enemy, aren't they?
See, that's the point.
Without naming individuals, there are certain people who I would have regarded professionally as my peers, pretty much.
Well, yeah, and some in England as well.
What was he saying?
Is he saying McCullough?
Because I would point to Pierre Corrie.
Pierre Corrie is the one who testified in front of the Senate.
Pierre Corrie was the witness for the George Floyd trial that helped edify the idea that he was killed by the cops.
Pierre Cory is the one who told the story about pulse ox numbers being low and them running out of oxygen.
Pierre Cory is the one who had to fly down to Australia a couple times to testify about what happened in America.
The same story that was used to justify the lockdowns in Australia and New Zealand that were told, you know, because we locked down, we don't have the kind of disaster that America does.
I think this Bellingcat guy is not helping us.
Well, yeah, and some in England as well.
And they've grown large organizations, the purpose of which is now absolutely clear to me.
They've grown large organizations like Heart, probably like Panda.
At least Panda is being actively undermined.
It feels a lot like the Jiki Leaks,
Account is somehow aligned with has a controlled op to to heart and panda Especially because Jiki leaks doesn't think that Robert Malone is possibly a part of this doesn't think that Steve Kirsch or or Jessica Rose could possibly be a part of this even though their roles as epi girls and epi guys was
amazingly well described in the Spars pandemic document.
And so I've come to the conclusion that most of these anonymous accounts are actually being run or coordinated with these artificially elevated people like Robert Malone, Meryl Ness, Pierre Kory and Sasha Latupova and all these people.
They're all part of the same bullshit illusion.
I think that the guy that is interviewing him because of his connections to Bellingcat are also probably part of the illusion.
They're all traitors and they're loyal to the crown or to globalist interests or weaponized piles of money that are giving them comfort and fame in order to perpetuate narratives on social media.
That person asked me to join as chief scientist, and my instincts were, no.
See, I just said I didn't join things.
Also, I didn't like the idea of being involved in money making out of this crisis, because lots of people are doing that.
And it just immediately, it's going to alter your motivations.
If you could do something and make a million or do something else and not
I'm afraid human beings will lie.
They just do.
So don't put yourself in a position where... People will lie.
And we as a culture most fundamentally have moved from when I was a child where lying wasn't considered cool.
Where lying to get ahead was not considered cool.
Where fake it until you make it did not exist.
The Western culture's sort of fundamental principles of success are now based on fake it till you make it.
Theranos was fake it till you make it.
And guess what else was fake it till you make it?
The Human Genome Project.
There's a benefit from you doing one thing and not another.
Then that allows me to move with my own thoughts and have things land on me.
So yeah.
I was booted off almost every internet platform quite quickly, certainly during 2020.
LinkedIn just didn't even bother to ban me or temporarily ban me.
Literally, I would try to log in one day and it was gone.
So, yeah.
So, are you telling me you're not control opposition?
No, apparently not.
But you would say that, of course.
Yes, of course.
I mean, I can't appear as myself on the internet anywhere except on Telegram.
How many people have used Telegram as a messaging app?
I never use it, ever.
Maybe 20%?
Is he going to tell the story about the fact that actually a guy by the name of, what's his name?
I got to look at the slide again.
His name is?
Robin Martinati.
Robin Martinati was actually his gatekeeper and controlled his original telegram group for like two years before he finally made his own telegram group after realizing that that guy was basically gatekeeping for him.
That is a definite nasty man.
I also busted him big on Twitter before he blocked me.
Here's the point.
I mean, you are a concentrated sample of the population who's already wide awake, and only a fifth of you have even... And they're all on a separate social media platform so that all the people that are running those military programs have you already voluntarily segregated into the dissidents and the sheep, the people they know they can lie to and the people they know they have to work extra hard to lie to.
And so by Robert Malone and Brett Weinstein and all these other fake dissidents actively telling us to go to Locals, go to Rumble, go to Telegram, we were being encouraged to show all of our controllers how we stood on things and vote by changing and choosing a different social media platform.
And it seems like he's still kind of buying into that illusion now.
So I've got like 23,000 followers.
I had like 100,000 on Twitter quite early on.
And yet my peers who are saying similar things like, don't take the vaccines, there is a plot, but they're pushing and flogging ivermectin, for example, have 10 times the number of subscribers.
How did that happen?
since my numbers, I think, are being, I know they're being restricted by either AI or humans.
In fact, maybe both.
Has any of you, do any of you remember a news story early in 2020 to the effect the British government had hired 20,000 people to work with the 77th Brigade?
Does anyone?
20,000 people.
So it doesn't sound like to me here, this is the problem.
You see, if those 20,000 people on social media are weaponized against America, they're not doing anything to UK people.
They're weaponized against America.
Then is it really Tony Fauci and Peter Daszak?
You know the guys that Jikki Leaks and Charles Rixey and all these people want us to focus on?
Is it really them then if 20,000 people in the UK needed to be hired in order to create an illusion of consensus on social media to support a biological phenomenon that could be described as a out of control, unrestricted bioweapon?
Stop lying!
These people were all put in place to create this Scooby-Doo
and we're still not free of it.
That's just the UK.
There were people in America.
There were people in Canada.
And most of them we are paying attention to right now as dissident heroes.
The obvious ones are people like Jessica Rose, but there are more recent ones like Ahmed Malik or William Mackus who have been added.
People that play a role in reinforcing the strict, limited spectrum of debate that doesn't usefully question the foundational mythology.
Motorcycles, and so I have an identity that's relevant to that, are for YouTube.
So I'll sometimes comment below YouTube videos, and if they get anywhere close to my area of expertise, I can write it, press enter, and it appears, refresh the screen, gone.
repeatedly in front of me.
So that's either an automated system or it's a human.
And so you can see the censorship and you can have him complain about the censorship, but I assure you the censorship is a small drop in the bucket compared to how important it is that my brother will never get his brother by social media put in front of his face, even though we're related.
My parents can go on social media all they want and social media will never say, Hey, your son is in Pittsburgh.
Do you want to see what he's up to?
But it's more than likely that they've seen some of these liars that I've been identifying over the last four years, wittingly or unwittingly seeing them as either good guys or bad guys because social media put them in front of them rather than me.
Even though it makes algorithmic sense, if you believe in algorithms, that my brother should have a hard time avoiding my posts.
People went to high school with me, should have a hard time avoiding my posts.
But that's not what social media is based on.
Social media is a governance organ.
It is a governance tool.
It is a military program designed to put the heroes that they want you to rally behind in front of your eyes and into your ears.
Sometimes I get annoyed and I write saying, if you are a 77th Brigade person who just deleted that comment, can you look your children in the eyes when you go home?
Can you hold your own gaze in the mirror?
Are you really stupid enough that you think whoever's paying you is going to let you keep your ill-gotten gains while you destroy the society that you're living in?
They don't have children because they can't get girlfriends.
But you know what, on two or three occasions, censorship had diminished on that platform for a day or so afterwards.
So it's like either a prayer worked and the AI, chat GTP, felt chastised, or a human thought, blimey, he's right.
Either way.
So I can't even write anonymous comments online.
I'm not on the, you know,
Everything is, if I write something on Twitter under H Cimiez,
There's no point in knowing that.
Who the hell cares what H. Simeon thinks?
I can put controversial but provable statements in a very popular thread where other people are reading and replying to other people's comments.
So we're still really talking a lot about the censorship.
We're about three hours in.
I'm going to cut it here and then I'm going to watch the rest of this myself and see if we need to do another episode tomorrow.
We got a lot of work to do over the next few days, like eight or nine days.
My kids' school starts next week, in the middle of the week, but I will actually kick off my biology class and my statistics class on Monday following.
So it'll be the last, I gotta look at this calendar here to see where that is.
But that's when we're going to start, because that's when I can guarantee you that I can be here every day at 10 o'clock.
And I think if we're going to do a school or a course or a mini course, that I need to be able to show up every day at the same time and have some consistent, you know,
Work being done and right now because my kids are home and because I missed them for five weeks while they were in the Netherlands and because I only have a few more days with them I'm trying to juggle my schedule and optimize it in such a way so that I can help with them all being at home but more importantly that I can spend some time with them while they're still home all day and
before school starts and then dedicate the time once school starts exclusively you know eight hours a day or six hours a day or seven hours a day during the week during the day to producing multiple shows one will always be a biology class of my own
curriculum.
And then the other one that I'm going to do right away in the afternoon is I'm going to start with class one of Matt Briggs' Substack series.
It's basically a basic statistics course, a broken science kind of statistics course.
And I will just follow those lectures and take notes and discuss them with the chat and with you as a second course.
And so we're going to try and do
daily stuff, but I don't know how many days are going to be class and how many days aren't.
But whenever we do class days, there will be two classes.
There will be a biology class that is my curriculum and a statistics class that is essentially us study hauling Matt Briggs's online sub stack that you may or may not be aware of.
And if you're not, you can find it.
So I'll do that.
I'll do that now.
And I think it's a good idea also from the perspective of PeerTube to give the capacity of the server enough time to catch up with where we are.
Ladies and gentlemen, I believe that we need a new consensus about what a national security state would and wouldn't do.
And I think a national security state would definitely use murder and lies in order to protect the vaccine schedule as the criminal enterprise that it is, and to convert us to believing that RNA can pandemic, but also transfection can save you from it.
And I think we need to teach our childrens that transfection was always criminally negligent in healthy humans, that RNA cannot pandemic, and the vaccine schedule in America and around the world needs to be paused as part
of a real reawakening to the irreducible complexity that we are and a more healthy reverence for it.
Ladies and gentlemen, if you liked what you saw, please go to GigaOMBiological.com and find a way to support this work.
If you want to share it, please share from https://gigaombiological.com
stream.gigaohm.bio because that's our own website and you don't need to log in and you can just share the links and you can even download from there, including the audio.
We're still working on Funk Whale.
I haven't heard from Ted whether that's working or not, but I think you can already download the audio.
Anyway, thanks for joining me.
Thanks for being here.
I hope it wasn't too long.
And, uh, worst case scenario, I see you tomorrow, um, for the rest, second half of that that needs to be addressed.
Otherwise, please share this stream with Mike Eden.
Give a shout out.
Um, I think there's more to be addressed because he didn't talk about the PCR yet.
Um, and he does make some mistakes with regard to, uh, false positives.
And so maybe I'll just have to clip it.
We'll see.
Thanks very much for joining me.
I'll see you again tomorrow.
Whoops.
My volume needs to go down.
Thanks for everybody being in the chat.
Thanks for being on Soapbox when I'm not.
Thanks for